 Opie and Anthony, your lowest common denominator, the worst of Opie and Anthony. Is there anything sadder? The worst of Opie and Anthony. Quick, change the channel! Nooooooooooo! One Opie 7, WNEW. Anthony, down at Mic On at 7 o'clock? Yes, I hope people are digging all the new shows that we have here at WNEW. I listen on the way home now. I gotta be honest, I used to listen to K-Rock on the way home. When we used to have the other guy there, I don't know. I forgot his name here. 7 o'clock. Just one of the many that have come and gone. Yeah. But I gotta tell you, down at Mic, I find myself laughing on the way home and then I stop in front of the house. I don't get right out. I gotta sit there and wait until they're done with one of their bits or something. And I'd never do that. I swear. Very funny. And what about the radio chick? She hired our buddy Chuck. Yeah, you see that? Now Chuck used to do a lot of stuff for our show. Very talented guy. You know, we just couldn't give him a ton of exposure. No. So we passed him on to the radio chick because he's a talented guy. That's the God's honest truth. And the radio chick hired him. Yeah, I got an issue with Chuck right about now though. Because I was listening. I was driving in. All right. Here it is. Uh-oh. Little issue. Okay. I gather up all my little toys at the end of the deck. My little train whistle. Oh, yeah. Celine. Right. This one. The wacky thing. Gym teacher. All right. Let it wacky horn. I gather all those up in my bell. An appropriate bell. No. No, I don't gather that up. Oh, okay. You know why? Why? Because in the bag driving home. That's what I hear. Sounds like I'm being chased by the good humor man. So I leave it here. Okay. Not thinking any other show is going to be using the inappropriate bell. Yeah. Seems when I'm listening today, Chuck was slamming on the inappropriate bell during the show. Uh-oh. Ripping me off. Don't you? You leave the inappropriate bell alone, Chuck. You might have to hide it. You might have to bring it into the back office. That's what I'm thinking. But it's always here, you know. Now I think anybody would use it. But now are they doing a radio show or are they fighting crime? I think they're fighting crime. What is that going on now? They got the radio check. They got Chuck now. Yeah. They got Butchie. It's not a radio show. It's the Mod Squad. It's the frigging Mod Squad. Chuck is link. They got the radio check played by Peggy Lipton. And then the other guy. I don't remember his name. Butchie. Mike. Yeah. Michael. What was it? No, I know Butchie. But I don't know who the other guy was from the Mod Squad. See, they get done with the radio show. Then they hit the streets of Manhattan fighting crime. It's amazing. Butchie doesn't have the Afro, though. Well, no, no. Chuck would have to get the Afro. The link from the Mod Squad Afro. Well, the white guy from the Mod Squad had a little white Afro. I don't know. And a little bit. Yeah, he had kind of a... Like the Mike Brady Afro-ish thing happening. Yeah. And then Peggy Lipton. She was a piece of ass. And the radio chick, she could fight crime with her boobs somehow. Maybe that could be some kind of a superpower thing she has. But I'm thinking they're setting up to be crime fighters after they're done with the radio show. They got all the makings from the Mod Squad on the radio chick's show. They really should do like a sweeper with the Mod Squad. They really should. One. The chick's boobs. Toil of bank robbery. Police bank. On Broadway, being robbed. Out come the robbers. They get caught in the radio chick's boobs. Justin grabs them and Butchie ties them up with one of the chick's bras. On the all new... Mod Squad 2000. In Technicolor. Quince Martin Production. Wow, I would watch that. Was that a Quince Martin Production? Eh, it is now. Every show from the 70s pretty much was. I invented that. Yeah, I think it was Quince Martin. That sounded like QM Music, didn't it? Uh, yes it did. Yeah, the Mod Squad on before us. Anal Radio. Then the Mod Squad. That's what I'm calling them now. They would have just called themselves that now. The Mod Squad. Yeah. From 10 to 2. The Mod Squad. They gotta start their show tomorrow with that. Yeah, they are the Mod Squad. Will be very flattered if they do. The Mod Squad. What a politically correct radio show they got over there. All they need is a chink. Who they figured out. And Yao Chung as Fing Luo. Kind of like watching the 11 o'clock news. They got all their bases covered. They got all the bases covered. Chuck could do anything that might be offensive to blacks. And then the chick. So any women's issues or anything like that. I don't know, they're butchie. You could take care of anybody. Just need a gay guy. Gay guy. Gay guy. It's a regular melting pot, that show. Gay Marco. Soon to be joining the Jigs show. The Mod Squad. It's the Mod Squad. She should change the name of the show. The Mod Squad. They truly are the Mod Squad. That's great. They ought to make a promo where they're just running across a bridge. Like the beginning of the Mod Squad. Today's episode. Anal intrusion. Remember that Peggy Lipton. I think she went out with Link for a while too, didn't she? And then she went out with what's his name? The black music producer guy. Oh, Quincy? Quincy. Yeah, she was married to him, I think. A couple kids, really? She likes him. She liked the dog meat. Yeah, a little jungle fever going on with Peggy Lipton. Yeah, baby. Yeah. Let's not forget Ron and Fez doing a very good job too. Well, maybe. Why? Well, the voice, he has a little wacky voice. It is a wacky Zane voice. He's got a little wacky. Why? What do you mean don't call that? I like the show. We listen every night. I love the internet. Why is everyone freaking out? Everyone's freaking out. Why? Check out Ron and Fez. Fez has just a little wacky voice. That's all. Hey, Ron. What's on the internet tonight? Don't you know? Why? Oh my God, I'm getting looks around here. You can't say the guy has a wacky voice. You know, for years we're sitting here. Two years bashing every other show on this station because they suck monkey ass. Ass, thank you. Now we finally are talking about the shows and we enjoy the shows. And we're just, you know, pointing out things we've noted so far and you guys are losing it. I mean, for God's sake, we've done and Mike are great. We love the Mod Squad that comes on before us. And Ron and Ed Winner, great. Oh, Ron and Fez, I'm sorry. Come on. What? I'm the only one that thinks he has a wacky voice? I was the one who said it. The voice is a little wacky. That's all. It's it's uh, it's it's uh, it's It's catchy, right? It is. I'm sure. What? Psycho Mark. All right, are you not brave enough to say that on the radio? What? Making the hand gesture. Look, look. I had a cough. I have no clue what anybody's deal is on that. I haven't even met him face to face. I hope he came in on the first night on the air, I guess. They're nice guys. I met him. They really are nice guys. I don't know. I listened to the show. I enjoy it thoroughly. I'll tell you. You know what's weird about it? Fez? Yeah. You meet him and he's like, hey, yo, my name's Fez. What's up? How are you? Oh, really? And then on the air, he's like, he's got a wacky voice. I went back from commercial. Okay. How we doin'? This little chin up. What? He sounds very happy. He sounds very upbeat, very happy, very gay. No, that's all I'm saying. No, I meant that like in The Flintstones, we'll have a gay old time. Okay, terrific. That's all? Oh. You know, when they said we'll have a gay old time on The Flintstones. Right? Oh, that'll suck. What? Jesus Christ! Hey? Can we just talk? Hey! Yeah. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! What? Jesus Christ! Okay, terrific! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Okay, terrific! Hey! Oh my God, so of course we encourage everyone to check out what we're talking about. You gotta check out the Mod Squad before us. The Mod Squad! Don and Mike after us at 7, and Ron and Fez at, what, 11? They come on? Yeah, 11 to 3. And when do we get a morning show? Today's episode, Who's the New Colored Guy? Why? I'll ring my own bell. Larry, what's going on? Hey, how you guys doing? Real good. Man, that show, it's a pretty good idea, the whole basis of the show. But those guys sound like the two homos from In Living Color. You know, the movie review? What, men on radio? That's exactly what they sound like, the movie review homos from In Living Color. Men on film? Oh God, that's terrible. Anyone can comment on how anybody sounds or anything. I enjoy the show. The basis of the show is a great idea. I am very into the internet and computer. I'm on all the time. And to have a radio show where you can interact with who they're talking to and get on websites they're talking to, it's very interesting, it's very new. I've never heard of anybody doing that on radio. You know what the problem with that show is though? Dead air. They have a lot of dead air. A lot of times in between. They've only been on a week. I'm not just saying this, we like the show. We're the first ones to trash a show after they've been on only two days. No, we think all the shows are doing great. Alright, you guys rock. Alright man, thank you. Yeah, what's the problem? Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Okay, terrific. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Alright, we love them. Great. Finally have shows we can talk about. That's the truth. And have fun with them. All we said was his voice was a little wacky. That's all? A little different. Come on. And we love the Mod Squad. Jay would fit right in. Jay Moore? Yeah, of course. Hey! Alright, we've got to take a break. No, but please check out all the shows and make your opinions after a while. Yeah. You know, at least give them all a chance. They deserve it. I'm working on the show. I'm loving the shows. Yes. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Okay, terrific. I don't think I'll ever get tired of Okay Terrific. I've heard that a thousand times. It gets funnier every time I hear it. I can see it now in our next roadshow. We're going to see Okay Terrific. Okay Terrific. Signs in the audience. Okay Terrific. The worst of Opie and Anthony. 107WAW. Alright, we're back on our full line. Leah? Hey. Sorry, Leah, to make you wait there. What's your last name? My last name is Reich. R-E-I-G-H. Leah Reich. Mm-hmm. And your website is one of the most popular for guys on the Internet, right? Yeah, it is. It's huge. We are IGN and we have entertainment. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. We have a lot of fun. Entertainment, video games, sci-fi, movies, DVD, Baby the Day. Did you guys hear about Baby the Century? Baby the Century, no. Yeah, there was a huge voting thing for Baby the Century. That was us. Elizabeth Hurley won. Elizabeth Hurley? For Baby the Century? Baby the Century? Come on. I didn't vote for her. Yeah, I don't know about that. I would go for the girl that's on the cover of Gear Magazine this month. Gear? Jessica Biel? The chick from what? The 17-year-old? No, the 7th Heaven broad, right? He's 17! So? So? She's showing it in a magazine. Who cares? That's one of the hottest photo spreads I've ever seen in my life. Really? Yeah. I don't think it was that hot. I've seen better, but... Are you a lesbian, Leah? Well, that's personal information and I don't really give that out. No, that's yes. Okay. I mean, come on. I'm talking about guys. I've got to know a little bit about them. Well, then you're bisexual. That's okay, right? Hey. All right, so you get a ton of hits. A lot of guys go there for advice. Yep. And I'm sure you get a lot of weird questions. I get the best questions on earth. Yeah? Oh, yeah. I get letters that start out with, no hello, no nothing, just my penis itches all the time. That was me. I got a letter from a guy who had this terrible crotch itch problem for three years and he's writing a letter to me. He's like, now it's starting to have pus come out of it. Do you think I should go to the doctor? I'm just like, you know what? What are you... Lady, man. Lady, man. Does the guy shower? Yeah, he says, well, it's just, it's really, I keep it really clean, but it's just itching and now it's turning a different color and there's pus coming out. I'm like three years and you don't think you should go to the doctor? Right. So what did you tell the guy to go to the doctor? Go to the doctor. Take a shower maybe? Yes, the medication. It wasn't signed by SPAS, was it? No. Okay. No. Just had a check. No. Probably would have used the pseudonym anyway, don't you think? Yeah. Well, there was another guy who wrote, why is my ass hairy? No, he wanted to know the best way to get rid of some of his ass hair. He said my ass is too hairy. What can I do about it? Ass hair? Yeah. And I wrote, well, you know... I guess he's not talking about like on the cheeks. You know what? I didn't really ask him to go into a lot more detail. Visualization is something I have to do a lot and I didn't want to know where it was, but I gave him some options for hair removal. I'm familiar with most of them. We have to keep ourselves sleek and smooth. So I told him a lot of different options and then I went home and one of my friends living in San Francisco, there's a lot of people who shave themselves here. San Francisco. Oh yeah. Just trying to figure out your personal life, sorry. He told me that I should have told the guy to use the Mach 3 razor. It gets you the closest shave. You know what? Shaving your butt is really dangerous because the hair is growing in all different directions and the only thing worse than a hairy ass is one with red bumps all over it. You only grow hairs. Do straight guys shave their ass? Yeah. I have a friend who's totally straight and he shaves his chest and other parts of his body. Totally straight, huh? Yeah, no he is. Why bother with the ass though? Well, I mean, if you can't tell where the hair on your head begins and the hair on your legs begins, don't you think, I mean, hey, some women find it sexy. Some men find it sexy too. What, hairy asses? Yeah, hairy bodies. No, hairy asses we're talking. Yeah. There are people who find a lot of body hair sexy no matter where it is. Yeah. Honey, if there are men who find old women and big giant pregnant women who went porn about that, there are going to be people who find hairy asses. Check out the pregnant porno sites. Uh huh. Well, I was, you want to get into this a little bit? Why, you know, what do you think? I was, I had a little fetish going. Uh huh. We've discussed it on the radio show. You have a pregnant woman fetish? I thought I did, Leah. And then we had a girl come in here who was what, eight months pregnant? Yeah. She was huge. And we had her dance for us and stuff or for myself and I was completely turned off. Yeah, it didn't last. No, I got rid of that fetish quickly. Which part turned you off? Uh, it was just, it was just beyond bizarre. Yeah. Because I mean, she was ready to drop too. We tried to have her give birth live on our show, but it didn't work. Oh, that's quality rated. Oh yeah, award winning, mind you. Yeah, we win awards all over the country now for stuff like that. I can only imagine you're really pushing the envelope for women's rights. We had her running up and down the stairs. We had her have sex with her husband in another studio. This was when she was, uh... Did she get paid for this? No, she was not. Actually, when she came in to give birth, she was past her due date. So we had her doing jumping jacks, running up and down the stairs. We wanted to induce labor here on the show. Live on the show, then her husband banged her in another studio. Did you bang her? Did you? One, two, three, four. Are you horrified yet? Actually, one, totally not horrified. How can I be horrified? I work in an office with guys and I get letters from kids who ask me how I can make their penises grow bigger. I mean, what? There's nothing in the world practically that can horrify me. How do you answer that one, Pat? Yeah, I need to know. I say that this is Ask Leah, not the Psychic Friends Network. I mean, I don't know if your penis is going to grow. You know? The thing is, most of those penis enlargement things, they're... I mean, some of them... If something really, honestly, truly worked, don't you think we all know about it? Yeah. If something was really worked and didn't have scary side effects or didn't have all kinds of possible things that could go wrong and weird things that can happen and if it was really permanent, we'd know about it. I mean, there are pumps and there are creams and there are this and there are that. The cream. Why doesn't the cream make your hands bigger? Exactly. I mean, do you really want to attach weights to your penis every day to try and stretch it out? I do. I bet you do. I bet you have them on right now. Yeah, I do. It's stretching out. Yeah, I'm tired of my knees. Yeah, I don't understand. I'm tired of my knees. Yeah. Does that work, though? It's apparently worked for some people, but I think you've got to have a lot of patience and definitely a little pain tolerance. Yeah. And you've had a lot of strange letters lately? Yeah, I've had some good ones lately. Well, I get them from all different ages. You know, they all want to know so many possible things, not just about... I have a column called What's Up with My Penis, which answers more than medical stuff. I don't actually answer those regularly. Well, and your little letter here that we received... My little letter. What's that bump on my penis? Can too much masturbation stump my growth? Will she go out with a geek like me? Oh, yeah. I get guys of all ages who are convinced... I get guys who have never gone on dates. I'm not talking about just 14-year-olds. I get guys of all ages. Girlfellow. Our own black girl here at the studio. I get all the questions. I get guys who are 32 and newly divorced, have no idea how to start dating again. I get guys who... I got the best one. Can I read you the best one ever? Of course you can. I'll read you a couple. This one, I don't know how old this kid is, but you've got to tell me the best part. Leah, my girlfriend and I have our two-month anniversary coming up and she said I could suck her breasts, but then it hit me. Do I actually suck on her breasts or on her nipples? You don't have to answer, but I could use some help. It's like funny. Yeah, that's got to be a kid. That's a 15-year-old. I know. The best thing in the world though is the fact that his girlfriend is like, sweetie, I want to talk to you about something. There's a special occasion coming up and I've got a good surprise for you. Yeah, that's right. Has anyone ever said that to you? I can suck my boobies. I love when she said that. That would be hysterical. I can suck her boobies. All right. Read another one for me. I don't have any of the older ones because oh, you guys will like this one. You can give the advice to this guy. Okay. Dear Leah, hi. I am a younger teen and I have a few questions. I wanted to ask you if it is normal when I see two women kissing, not like kissing on the cheek, but kissing like lesbian kissing, my penis goes straight up. I wanted to know if that's normal. We might have to clean that up for the radio. His junk gets ... You can't say penis? I don't know what they dump out of our show. That's very clinical now. She's a vice columnist. We can get away with a lot more. Yeah, and he said, I want it to be normal to be aroused a lot. Yeah, I get a lot of questions about the penis. The guys have different questions. They don't know. I got so many questions about average penis size, I had to go ahead and write a whole article about it. What do you think is the average? What do I think the average is? As far as I know, average penis size is 6.4 inches in length and 5 inches in circumference. Rock. 5 inches in circumference? I like how it suddenly gets really quiet. Wait, 5 inches in circumference? I'm trying to ... Yeah, if your penis is 2.5 inches in ... That's not diameter, Opie. It's not a tuna can. It's like a big Foster's oil can. I was looking at the Foster's beer can on the other side of the studio. I get a lot of good questions from guys who have girlfriends who have never had orgasms and they don't know how to help their girlfriend have an orgasm, or guys who want to last longer. Those are all really good ones because those are pretty easy. Well, Leah, you want us to butcher through the test? You want to answer a few questions from our lovely audience? I can give it a shot. Is there anybody who wants to ask me a question? I can't give medical advice out, so no penis questions. But if you've got any relationship or sex questions, we can give it a shot. There could be some things you can answer about the penis. Like what? I don't know. We'll go to the phones next and we'll find out. Give out the website. We've got to take a break and then we'll take some questions from our audience. It's www.ign4men.com. And you spell out the four. So it's IGNFORMEN.com. All right, very good. More with Leah next. Stay there. Today, you're stuck with the worst of Moby and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. And we're back. We're talking to Leah. Hey. Hey, Leah. What's going on? She's got this great website. A lot of guys go to it and they ask her advice on sex and relationships and stuff, right? That's right. Very popular website. That's IGNFORMEN.com. You get a lot of funny, funny questions. I got a lot of funny ones. I got a lot of scary ones. I get them all. And a lot of people, they write to this stuff and you think they're joking, but they're not. Some of them, I wonder. They're pretty clueless, right? Yeah. Well, we're going to butcher to the test. We've got a bunch of guys on the line that want to ask you some advice, okay? Okay. Let's go to Tim. Tim, what's going on? I'm with some guys. Uh-oh, you're phoning. What's going on, guys? Uh-oh, your phone's crapping out. We've got Leah on the phone. You've got some advice that you need? Yeah. I think I found my girlfriend's G-spot and I was wondering if she could recommend any sexual positions that might help us utilize it. Well, that's kind of a trial and error kind of a thing. I mean, everybody's G-spot. Generally, the G-spot is around in the same area, inside. So, you're going to have to experiment because there are some positions that are going to feel good and some that aren't. I mean, if I were you, a lot of good G-spot is manual stimulation. You can do a lot with that, with your hand, if you can find it with your hand. That's what works best, is if I use my hand. Yeah. You know what? There are some positions that are going to be good, but some of them are just acrobatic, uncomfortable. While you're trying to find the G-spot, you're like throwing out your back and what's the point of that? Right. I mean, basically, you know what? If you guys can find your G-spot, God, you're lucky because most people can't. Well, what? Just do what feels good and don't even worry. You know, just try different things. That's totally awesome. I can tell when I hit it. What sexual position do you suggest there, Leah? Like the wheelbarrow position, having to walk around the room as you're holding her legs or something? Is that going to feel good? I don't think that's a good one. Yeah, that's a really relaxing sexual position. You know what? There are some that are good, like if she's lying down and you're standing up and kind of tilted up, that might work. You know what? Honestly, the best thing is all that Cosmo, these are great sexual position things. It's basically a matter of kind of experimenting around and figuring out what feels good. Some women really like when you're in a chair and they sit on your lap, either facing forwards or back. That's always a popular one. That's what you like, right? This is so not about me. This is about Tim and his G-spot girlfriend. I just want to know your credentials. Have you seen a lot of, you know, are you like an expert? I can't give you my references, but I know a few things. Through experience? Oh, wait, hey, I thought we were given advice here. Yeah, we are, but I just want to know a little about you. I've had my experience. Leah, who's given you advice. Just the right amount. Leah, have you ever seen a penis? Yeah. Okay. I've definitely seen a penis. All right, good. All right, so you suggest those positions for Tim to start with? I think those positions would be really good. But you know what the reality is, is that the angle, it also depends on the angle of your penis, the angle of the vagina, all those kinds of different things. Very good. You could, you could, uh... If I were you, I would just roll around, get sweaty, and try everything you possibly want to try. Let's see what happens. Oh, yeah, what's that all about? You can put that trigonometry to good use. Angle. There you go. Try to figure it all out. Thank you, Tim. Let's go to Dominic. Dominic, you're next. What's going on? Hello? You're talking to Leah. Hi, Dominic. I got my schween caught in a junk drawer. All right. Say what? You got your schween stuck where, Dominic? In the junk drawer. How ironic is that? I was very, very injured. All right, obviously somebody just having a little fun. Hmm. Somebody had, is it happy hour there already? I was walking in the dark kitchen, and they got caught in the drawer, and now it's got fence. You get it, junk drawer. His junk got caught in the junk drawer. How can I fix it? Leah, you got questions about that, guys getting their stuff stuck in places? No, I sure don't. Usually things don't get stuck that easily. Yeah, yeah. All right. I can't imagine that happening. God, that would be so, can you imagine going to the emergency room in that position? I'm sure there have been more embarrassing positions. People have gone to the ER. Yeah. Tony, you're next. Things up their butt. Hey, Tony. Yo. What's up? What's up, guys? Hey, what's going on, Tony? You guys rule. Good. Hey, I was wondering, how can I, how can I put this up, get my girlfriend off without having to go south of the border for more than 15, 20 minutes? Why, you don't like that? Wow. I see you're not going to like it. It's just kind of- Your job gets tired. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, no, totally. Hey, girls have the same problem. If I were you, basically one of the good things to do is, I mean, no woman can, not every woman can have a really fast orgasm. Some can, some can't. She might want to work on it a little bit on her own and try and figure out what positions there might be something that would work a little bit better. You might, there might be a position for her to sit in that might help her, you know, have an orgasm more quickly. Another thing to do is start out with something other than oral sex. You can start out with manual stimulation. You can roll around. You can introduce vibrators if you want. They introduce the gardener. That would probably be even faster. The what? Oh, the gardener. Because they're rotten. I bet that would be a fast one. Yeah, you could bring the milkman in. Yeah. The vagina has different angles also? I've never heard of that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They're all different shapes. That's why you know how sometimes you fit better in some people and not in others? Well, I want- It's not necessarily because they're stretched out. It's also because they're different shapes and sizes. Different shapes and angles and stuff. It's like Space Mountain in there, pitch black and going all kinds of ways. I once dated a girl. I hit the back wall, man. Really? Yeah. Oh, it's brutal. You can totally hit the cervix. And you know what? It hurts when the cervix gets sensitive. When you smack into that, it's like, forget it. Game over. Game over. Let's move on to Matt. Matt's got a very good question for Leah. What's up, Ope? All right, you're talking to Leah? She gives you advice. Come on. I got a problem with my girl. Every time I'm going for the back door, she's all open to it. She loves it. I'm fiddling around. She's digging it, you know? Yep. But once I get my junk all the way doing its thing, she's got to go to the bathroom. She's got to take a dump. So what am I supposed to do? Let her take a dump? Yeah, but then she goes and sits down and she don't have to go. Yeah, that's because you're basically stimulating all kinds of stuff. You know when you have to go to the bathroom really badly because there's something sitting in there? Yeah, that's my swing. Basically, the body thinks that it has something sitting in there as Matt. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. You know, the only way that it might just be the way she is, she might not be able to, she might have to try and... I think I just got to get her to bite down on the pillow and deal with it. Yeah, you might be able to do that. Seriously. Leah, in a matter of time, this show is going to be all over the world. Can you imagine? I, how I fear the state of the universe. It's like gonorrhea. All right, who do we have next on the line here? Renee. Renee, you got a question for Leah. Yeah, listen, I'm dating this girl and she's got an odor down there. Uh-huh. No? And I really don't know how to tell this girl. I mean, she's good looking, she's hot. Honey, sexy does not have anything to do with personal hygiene or body odor. But it does help you get over it. It's not body odor. No, I know, no, I'm talking about different bodily odors. Well, it could be a number of things. It could be hygiene. It could be something, it could be an infection. I'm not talking necessarily about an STD. It could be something like a yeast infection. She doesn't work at the Bumblebee factory, does she, Renee? Hey, look. This is what I don't understand. See, this is the bad part because I've been with her, I was with her once. Uh-huh. And it was a long order filled up the whole room. Filled the whole room. You either, you either, you either. Look, okay, this is my motto. If you're close enough to do it, you're close enough to talk about it. And if you can't say something to her about it, then you probably should find a reason to not go out with her anymore. Popping a Mentos. Well, that's the whole thing. I'm still hanging out with her, but I don't want to go down there. Well, then you have to say something about it because you're going to have to go down there eventually. That's my problem. How the hell do I say something? Say, you know what? I don't know what this is. This is the most horrible thing I've ever had to do in my life. I feel super uncomfortable and stupid. I feel stupid, but there's, you know, or you could say, hey, once before I had this girlfriend and she had this odor and it was a yeast infection. And I'm thinking that, you know, that's something that I've noticed. It's not bad. It's not like there's something wrong. I really want to go down on you. But there's this problem. And, you know, I wanted you to talk about it. I don't know what it could be. Are you explaining to this guy or talking to me right now? I'm talking to him. Oh, okay. I'm telling him what he should say. I don't know. You're giving him an offer. I got some advice for you. It's a it's up. I was in a very similar situation. You've got to dump the bitch, man. You've got to. And you know what? You'll solve two problems. You'll get rid of your bad breath, too. Oh, I can't go down. I haven't went down there like that. I'm not doing that. You know, you do. Subtle hints sometimes work. A snorkel and a mask. Stuff like that. It'll work. All right. Well, the question. You stick an air freshener down there. You know, the com. Yeah. Like peel off back. A stick up. This is a good place for a stick up. My name is pretty unique. You know, I'm hoping to hear this phone call. That's what I'm talking about. Get a can of Lysol. You better hope she's not listening to the radio right now. All right. Thanks, Ray. Thanks a lot. The questions are getting better, Leah. Oh, yeah. You know, let's go to Joe. Joe's got a very serious question here. All right. Joe. Hello. You need some advice from Leah, huh? Yeah. Okay. You guys can just break my chops all you want. This is one of the things where being hung like this is actually not a good thing. All right. So you got a big one? Yeah. My wife is kind of tiny. She's, you know, she's a gymnast and she's kind of tiny. I'm a big guy, you know? Yeah. Leah, he's hung. Yeah, we got the... I think I've caught on to that point. Yeah. So what's the advice for Joe? It hurts when we do it, you know? I mean, oral sex all the time is great, but, you know, normal sex is kind of cool every time. You know what I'm saying? We can't because I hurt her. Then you guys get married? Yeah. We got a kid too. Wow. How'd you do that? Kid got dents in his head? Carefully. Very carefully. That's a toughie. You know, I'm sure you've tried lubricant and all that kind of stuff, right? Yeah, everything. WD40. WD40. You guys are so bad. WD40 inch. I can't believe I'm listening to you. Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe. Yeah. Joe, I got some advice for you. What's that? Yeah, you take over. Get a shot of that. Get a shoe horn. Come on. Has she talked to the doctor about it at all? Has she talked to her gynecologist about it? No, she's went to the doctor a couple times about it and it's just, it's me. Yeah, well, I don't know if there's anything you can do. I mean, she just might be, I mean, she's had a kid. The kid can fit through it. You can fit through it, but it might not feel right. It's not that. I hit things. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You hit things. That is the worst feeling. Well, we'll have to forget about it. You might have to go to the doctor. I'm not going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. I'm going to go to the doctor. That's a great question. Thanks for calling today. Thanks. You know what I think he's got to do? Remember when the kid at school used to hold the pencil way down by the tip and the teacher would put the rubber band on the pencil and say, don't go below the rubber band? He's got to put like a rubber band around his member and just go that far. Like a big bump or maybe like those cones they put around the dog's head so they don't chew themselves when they go back from the vet. You can put that half way down and anyone who wants to go any further. I'm just trying to help. All right, Rob, you got a question for Leah. She's giving out some advice today to our faithful listeners here. How do I get my trick to give me a Blumpkin? Leah, do you know what a Blumpkin is? You know what? No, I have no idea. All right, Rob, what's a Blumpkin? Be careful in your explanation. Be careful and explain what a Blumpkin is to Leah. I got it. It's when you're taking a d*** and a chick's giving you a hummer. Oh, okay. You're on the commode. You're on the ball. That's a lady. That's a lady, you got there, Rob. You're sitting on the can and she's giving you a hummer. Is she feeding you two at the same time? Yeah, you're drinking a beer at the same time. That's the kind of manner you're in, huh? Are you resting your beer on her head at the same time? Yeah, really. And a crack pipe, b***. What did he say? And a crack pipe, b***? I don't know. Leah, you're an angry man. Leah, I think you pissed off one of our listeners there. Oh, yeah. Leah did it. I'm sure you've never done that. No, they're all our friends. Tommy, you got a question for Leah. Give some great advice today to the men. I learned what a Blumpkin is. Tommy. Hi. Hi, Tommy. Hello, Leah. Only serious questions at this point. No, dad. Okay, Tommy? I've seen a lot of very attractive model plates. What's the problem? I like to be urinated and defecated on. Hey, who doesn't? Hey, no. Is that something? Why? I couldn't hear you because the rude boys were interrupting. Me, me, me. Me, me, me, me. You, you, you. Why? She didn't hear you again. Go ahead. Is it normal? Is it normal? I'm not going to say what's normal or not normal. Everybody's got their fetishes. Everybody's got their fetishes. Come on. Hey, you know what? I live in San Francisco and there is nothing out there as far as I'm concerned. What you're going to have to do to find somebody like that is you're going to have to start going either to clubs, specializing, putting out personal ads. There are people who get off on that. There are people who get off on doing it. I think Stallone likes it. What? Stallone likes it. Yeah, that's what I heard. Sure he does. So do you suggest Tommy starts off slow maybe? I think what you're going to have to do is you're not going to, I don't think you're know, Jane Average walks around the street and says, hey lady, can you take a **** on me? But I think if you, you can put personals in and there are definitely organizations of people who are completely open to all sorts of activities and you're just going to have to search those out. Yeah, you've got to start off slow, a little hugging, kissing, maybe blowing a snot rocket on your cheek. You know? Yeah, we're sick, Tommy. Remove the plumbing and go down the basement when she goes to the bathroom. Yeah, remove the end cap on the clean out pipe. You guys are the sickest. Alright, thank you. My piece. Jesus, man. These people. That's hot for home. You ever, are you into that at all? Into it. Deprecation. I can say I don't care about personal information. No, that really is not my thing. Yeah. You're from San Francisco? So your girlfriend doesn't take a **** on you? I'm not from here. You live there? I've been here for a while. So are you straight or lesbian girl? We already covered this. I just want to make sure. You want to make sure. You know what? We ever hang out in person, then maybe I'll tell you. Alright. Dave, what's going on? Les Paul. Oh, you guys rock. Alright, only serious questions at this point for Lee. Yeah, of course. Alright, listen, I've got a question for the young lady. Well, my girl and I are doing things. It seems like she has a problem bouncing on me. Bouncing on you? Yeah, you know how I like to ride me, so to speak? Like if I'm in my horizontal position and stuff like that, she really doesn't like to get on top. But I love that, man. Oh, getting on top. There's a woman out there who doesn't like to get on top? Yeah, are you kidding me? This chick will give me like two or three bounces. Then after that, I'm tired. Can you get back on top? Have you ever sat down with her and said, you know what baby, you know what really turns me on more than anything is when you get on top. Have you ever told her that? What day don't I do that? Huh? I said what day don't I do that? Do they like every night? Okay, well I don't know. I mean seriously, there are guys who will go, why won't my girlfriend do this because it really turns me on? And I'll say, have you ever asked her to do it? And they'll be like, no, it's not like girls are psychic. That's why I asked you that. Aliyah, yeah, Dave, I think I can help you out. I don't even want to know what you have to say. I hope she's going to field this one. You want her bouncing a lot more when she's on top, right? Oh yeah, yeah, it's the best, man. All right, glue your credit cards to the ceiling. That'll get her reaching and bouncing. Seriously, people like to know where we're doing things like that. I mean like, you know, she's trying to like lay off of it when I'm trying to, now like you told the other guy a little while ago saying like, how, you might be hurting things and stuff like that. Yeah. I don't know if that's the case, but I've asked her several times. She says no. She says she's uncomfortable. Maybe she's not comfortable. Maybe it doesn't do it for her, but maybe you can say, look, I'll make you a trade. You do this and I'll do something that you want for as long as you want it. A trade? A trade. Yeah, what the hell? Yeah, I'm with you right here. A trade. Yeah. You know, like, I don't know, you can trade sexual favors. Haven't you ever done that? Oh man, we'll just make a deal here. Yeah, really. No, you can be like, you know what, I want to treat you like one night, you know, I want to make all these great decisions. I want to have all these things. So will you do this for me, please? Will you get up on top and stay there for a while? Yeah. All right. Please, for me, because it would make me really happy and I want to make you happy, so I want to make you happy in return. All right. Well, he's saying she gets tired. Well, kill the work out and get some more stamina or something. Okay, but Dave, thanks for your question. We only have a few more minutes here. We want to get a few more questions. All right, you guys suck. Thank you. Very good question from Dave. Let's go to Steve. Only serious questions at this point for Leah. Steve, what's up? Hey, O and A, how you guys doing? Hey, you got a serious question, right? Yeah, I do. Okay. Okay, it refers to like, you know, when you're going to take care of the woman, you know, go downstairs, go south. What is the closest thing you guys can tell me that would be safe as far as like what the smell should be like? Leah, have you ever been asked that question before? No, I've never ever been asked that question before. Everyone's kind of different. What is it supposed to smell like? It's not supposed to smell like a fish. Okay, if you're smelling tuna, there's something wrong. Oh, all right. No, there really is because there's infections that have a very strong fishy smell. Okay, yeah, those are the ones I like. Yeah. I don't, you know, the smell, everybody's kind of different. I like the smell of a hookah that hasn't showered in two weeks. I mean, like, you know, sometimes it's clean. Sometimes it's kind of like. Yeah, Leah, I think, you know, he's asking what should it smell like off the top of your head. Off the top of my head. I don't think that's like the thing is it doesn't smell like anything else. Yeah. It should smell kind of clean. But the thing is, the other problem is that at different times of the month, I'm not talking about going down on a girl which has got a period. I'm talking about- Oh, stop. No, gross you out. No, no, I'm getting hot. I'm going to get pregnant later. Leah, let me ask you another question. I like looking at like I just bought all the jelly beans. The thing is, during different times of the month, it smells different. During different parts of her cycle, it feels different and it smells different and it looks different during different parts of her cycle. Now, should it also be sometimes thick or thin? No, seriously, it changes throughout the month. During different parts of the month, depending on whether she's, you know, ovulating, whether she's, what part of her cycle she's in, sometimes it'll be thicker, sometimes it shouldn't be chunky. What if it starts looking like the grill of an Edsel? It should not look like cheese. That's a good rule of thumb. That's disgusting. All right. Cottage cheese. I like how I can sell gross guys out. It's the best thing in the world. Yeah, I bet we could gross you out a lot easier. Well, we got to- No way. We got to thank Steve for the question. Thank you, Steve. Leah, taking advice from our listeners, only serious questions, of course. Let's go to Jeff. Jeff, you're next on the radio show. Yeah, what's up, guys? Sorry, I had some in my throat. What's up, Jeff? I'm just wondering if you could catch STDs from receiving the rusty trombone. Ah, you know what the rusty trombone is? No, why don't you guys tell me? That's a good one. Well, that's when a girl is taking care of your back door and doing the reach around and it looks like she's playing a trombone. Can you receive an STD from that? Well, so basically she's giving you a rim job? Yeah, that's a good one, a rim job. Sure. A rim job and she's also, rim, flash, hand. Okay, whoa, visualization. It's the trombone. Yeah, I got it. You know, not being a doctor, I can't guarantee that you wouldn't, but I can't imagine you would unless you both had some, unless you had a cut on the back door. You know, you'd have really small cuts on the back door, like a small cut. Okay. That's what I said. You'd be going on if you had any kind of problem, you know, back, if you had any sort of infection. I mean, you might be able to because, you know, something like herpes, while it's hard to, depending on which one it is, you might be able to transfer it. I mean, there's a possibility. Yeah. Depending on what she's gotten, what you've gotten, you should always get tested. But there are things you can't get tested for. And if she's got an open four on her mouth, I would not. Oh, she should not be back there. No. All right. Let's go to George real fast. George, you got a question for Leah? Yes. Yes, I do. Okay. Hi, George. Leah, how are you doing, Leah? Fine, thanks. Good. I have a weird fetish, I think. I like to be thrown up on. Like, I like to eat it and everything. I was just wondering how I could convince my girlfriend to do that. It's going to make you puke. How you could convince your girlfriend to do that? Does she know you have this fetish? Well, I'm a little afraid to tell her because, I mean, I don't know if it's normal or not. How? Well... My last girlfriend used to do it to me, but... I mean, how does your girlfriend, as far as other fetishes and kinky stuff go? I mean, is she totally vanilla? Is she totally like missionary position, honey, turn the light off, put your nightgown back on? What, the new girl? The new girl. What's the new guy? I like to say when I suck her toes. Okay, well see, that's not really that. Have you ever talked to her about any kind of... You know what you're going to have to do is you're going to have to feel around the subject. Okay. You're going to have to say, you know, talk to her about different kinds of fetishes and different kinds of stuff and find out what she's interested in and slowly introduce the subject. I don't think next time you take her out to dinner you can be like, hey honey, pass us some salt and we'll puke on me when we're done. George, does she have a gag reflex? Oh, you know, don't go there. What? I'm just asking. Yeah, if she's got a gag reflex. Where are you going? When you get in a Hummer, just drive that baby home and you'll get her puking. You know what, you're going to have to talk about it, but you have to introduce it slowly and if she's like super against any kind of kink or fetish, chances are she's not going to be able to puke on you. George, think about the gag reflex or go out and date a bulimic. A bulimic. Yeah. They like throwing up all the time. Hey guys. Take her out to a nice dinner and then punch her hard in the stomach. Thank you George. Long time listener, first time caller. Appreciate it. Vindication. Absolutely. Punch her very hard in the uterus. Leah? Yes, darling. We have Mike Tyson checking in. I apologize. Hi Leah. I have a question. I used to have this problem with Robin Gibbons when I was married to her. The bitch couldn't take a punch. Where is the best place to punch a bitch where I could have sex with her yet she would not file charges of rape against me? Am I listening to this? Am I so not involved in this? In the god damn uterus? Is that where you punch? She had a glass drawer. I punch her and she goes out like a light. That is the worst thing I have ever heard. Why is it that you can say god damn but you can't say the f-word? Why is it that you can have a woman talk about totally getting off and you can't say the f-word? God damn f-ck yourself. I said it. And hope it dumped out of me. I just said the f-word. Oh god. Alright, let's go back to our calls. Why don't we do that? There's a few good ones left here. You keep talking like that and Mike Tyson come over there and take care of you. Why don't we play once in Leah's pants? You ever play that game? You take the phone and rub it on your genitalia. And we have to guess if it's a mohawk, a diamond, a triangle or completely shame. Something telling me you're a rainforest. Mike Tyson's feeling like his Abraham Lincoln's head in a leg lock. I apologize for my bad. Mike just checks in from time to time. I'll show you two homos. I'll punch you with out toes. See, we can't even control them. Mike, you're next. You've got a serious question for Leah. She's getting a little annoyed at this point. Go ahead, Mike. Yeah, I've got a question here. Go for it. Leah, this is a good one. I need a good answer. Well, I only get the answers. Like, if a girl can get some time from me, right, she's riding me. And all of a sudden she gets that sound, that fart sound. It feels so good, but it sounds so bad. There is nothing. Nothing. I mean, I try pulling the buttocks apart to let air out. It doesn't work. Honey, it's not coming from there. It's not coming from there. It's coming from this air trap inside the vagina. When you're in there, you're causing friction, there's movement, there's air going in and out. Sometimes air gets trapped and that's what it is. It's not coming from the back door. Like, if I stick a finger in there, would it let air out? No, honestly, sometimes you can feel it and you might be able to tell it's going to happen. She might know. You might be able to keep it from happening and slow it down. Mike and I have a solution. I don't want to hear what he's got to say. A couple of body blows to the lower abdomen and then flip over with some kidney punches and then it's that or the train or the air route. And if she's still doing it, beat her up on the head. That way, she might still do it, but at least she won't be giggling when it happens. Women everywhere applaud you. Oh my God. I apologize. I can't see it. Iron Mike Tyson is just the worst. Sorry, it's not Opie and Anthony. It's Iron Mike. Let's go to another Mike on the line. Only serious questions for Lee at this point. Mike, what do you got? Opie and Anthony, I don't know why you're listening to sound like they're whacked out of their heads. I know. We apologize. Anyway, my cousin works at the city morgue and I like to sneak in there on Fridays and fool around with the recently deceased people. Is that normal? No, that's not normal. I mean, that's called necrophilia. Should I still wear a condom? Oh yeah. I would think that you probably would want to. What sex should I... I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. I can't receive sex. Did you guys set up all your friends? No, we don't have friends, Leah. Believe me. These are our listeners. We love them. Yeah, I thought it was you. First of all, I don't know if what you're doing is legal. I mean, they're not complaining. I can't imagine that they're not complaining. That's the most action they're probably going to get for a long time. What about the oral sex issue? I think that... you know what? I don't know what you can... honestly, you don't know what you can catch from dead people, but I really... that's not something I'm an expert in. Well, Mike, thanks for the call. We appreciate it. Oh, thank you. We've got to move on here, but let's take a couple more. Josh? Yo! Let's get it back on the road here. You've got a question for Leah? Yeah, I do. My girlfriend likes me to tie a rope around her neck and pull her real tight when I'm having sex with her. Amen, Josh. Now, if you only couple that with some punches to the face, head, chest and back region, you'll be doing it like I and Mike. Hello? Leah? Mm-hmm? I think we lost that call. I'm sorry. I can't imagine why. Okay. Let's go to Steve. Steve, you've got a question for Leah? Yeah, I've got this problem. My girlfriend tells me that my member smells. Uh-huh. Even after I get out of the shower, it smells. I don't understand. She did a tea bag on me and she almost threw up in my face. Yeah? Are you circumcised? Yeah. Okay. No, I'm serious because sometimes I don't know what it could be. You're going to have to go to the doctor. Is there any lotion or something that tastes good that I could put on there? Ew, lotion has the worst taste. Have you ever gotten lotion in your mouth? It's like getting an open... You know what works? A type of lotion, Vaseline, apply it very quickly with your right hand. It won't help the smell, but then you won't care. That's true. Any advice for Steve there, Leah? I'm saying you're probably going to have to go talk to the doctor about it. I don't know. The smell could be anything. It could be the soap you're using. It could be having a reaction to it. It could be that you've gotten infection. It could be you're not cleaning properly. It could be... It could be you're just having a cold. It could be you're not cleaning properly. It could be you're just having a cold. It could be you're not cleaning properly. It could be you're just having a cold. It could be you just had sex with a dirty whore. And she stunk up your member. That's like robbery. That's not going to the doctor. That's what they're there for. Okay, let's move on to John. John, you're next on WNW. What's up? Leah, I have a question for you. My wife gets very irritated inside whenever I'm banging her sister. What can I do about that? Oh my God. That's got to be a kid. She doesn't get irritated when I bang her brother. What could be the different? Leah, I believe that was a prank call. Yeah, we apologize. We apologize. So let's... Let's talk to all the others. No, all the others were definitely right on. Yeah, those are right. Glenn, what's going on? Hey, oh, what's up? Hey. I have a problem with my dog. When I have sex with him, he won't come when I call him. Is there a way to romance him a little bit? Yeah, you should make the kibble in with the wet food. That really turns him on. I used to be into necrophilia, bestiality. Oh yeah, I can only imagine. Dead animals. Oh God. But I got moved on. I thought more of a thing. Oh God. All right, well thank you, Glenn. It's so hard to weed through these calls and get the real ones. Dave? How are you doing, guys? It's a shame that we don't know what these people want to talk about. I have to ask her a question. Sorry about that. Yes, Dave. I heard that if you're having, well I guess taking a girl from the back door and you knock her unconscious, I heard she tightens up. Is that true? That is absolutely true. I will answer that. Does Mike know all about that? She turns up real good. You've got to combine it with some lefts and rights to the ears. I feel like I'm running the gauntlet. Like if I stick it out to the end, something good is going to happen. But I have to do it again. Yeah, I and Mike will come over and give you a few punches to the uterus. But seriously, does that help? Does that really? Because I'll do it with my girlfriend. I'll just knock her right to the head. I hope she turns around and kicks you so hard she ruptures one of your nuts. It's all about feeling good. And then once she's out I can play cards on her. Alright, Dave. Thank you. Thanks, David. That was a really good question. Dave sounds like a true gentleman. Yes. See, whenever I take a girl to my hotel room and rip her clothes off and have sex with her against her will, she always files a rape suit. How do I stop the bitches from doing this short of killing the bitch? I suggest that you remove the offending member. Give you a lot less problems. Okay, with that let's wrap this up with Joe. Joe, what's going on? You got a question for Leah? Yeah, I hope you hear me. I'm really glad I got through. I've been seeing this girl for like two weeks. You know, we tried to be intimate like three times. And every time we try to have intercourse, her penis keeps getting in the way. I haven't been with a lot of girls or any like girls, but what do you guys do when your girl's penis is getting in the way? Leah, do you have an answer to that? No, but I'm sure you do. I know that you're a little bit more of an expert on this. No, I don't have to. You're in San Francisco. I think you could answer this question. Yeah, I think there's a little bit of that going on in New York. I keep saying to her, Dominic, what do I do with this? I don't know what to do. You've got to help me out. Okay, Joe. All right. Thank you. Well, Leah, this was a lot of fun. Oh, yeah. Do you suggest our listeners pound the website with more questions for you? Absolutely. I pound you the wrist. There we go. Couple of body blows. That's my, I and Mike having sex. So, Leah, you definitely want our listeners to check out the website and pound the website with more questions for you. Yeah, I do. You're sure, right? Sure. Okay, good. And that website again? www.ign4men.com. That's F-O-R-M-E-N. Okay. Well, thank you, Leah. Thanks, guys. This was a lot of fun today. Great. Thanks. I hope you had fun. Oh, I did. All right, cool. Bye-bye. There she goes, Leah, everyone. She's completely disgusted. You guys did a great job. Yeah, bravo. You finally caught on. The audience comes through. Only the serious questions. What a bunch of clowns. I have a friend that works at the morgue. Good news, everyone. It's the worst of Obi and Antony. Yeah. What's happening, guys? You haven't figured it out yet. This is going to be a good one. Yeah. It's not Obi and Antony. Actually, it's just Rick, the producer, hanging in for the guys. They are on vacation this week, and it's somebody who called up on the phone earlier said, Why are they on vacation? Because people go on vacation. Simple as that. Right. Anyhow, doing the worst of today. If you've got any suggestions for today's worst of, please give us a call. 212-757-1027. Let us know what you want to hear in terms of bits. Getting lots of great requests. We got Dice when he visited the studio back about nine months ago. That's coming up in the five o'clock hour. Radio, which is coming up next hour in the four o'clock hour and tons of other stuff, including this one that I'm going to do next, which is off the demented world city, the world famous butt plug. It's the worst of Obi and Antony 1027 WNEW. The worst of Obi and Antony 1027 WNEW. May I help you? Yes. Butt plug? Who? Butt plug. Butt plug? What? Butt plug? Butt plug? Butt plug. I'm not following what you're saying. Butt plug. I have a bad connection. I don't understand. What is it? Butt plug. Butt plug? Is it like a receptacle you're talking about? Butt plug. What kind of plug is it? A box plug you're talking about? Butt plug. Oh, hold on. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Oh, hold on. Hello. What are you looking for? Butt plug. Butt plug. What kind? Butt plug. What kind of a butt plug? Butt plug. I just don't understand you, sir. I'm sorry. Butt plug? A spark plug. Butt plug. Butt plug? Butt plug. Never heard of it. Who do you use it for? Butt plug. What do you use it for, sir? Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Yeah. Butt plug? Butt plug. I know. Butt plug. What do you use it on? What do you use it in? I'm trying to fix- Butt plug. Butt plug. Yeah? Okay. I got you a spark plug. There's all kinds of spark plugs. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt? Butt plug. Oh. Sorry, sir. We don't understand what you want. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. What? What? What? Butt plug. Yeah. I don't know. We don't carry that. Butt plug? Yeah. We don't carry it. Thank you. All right. This is the worst of Opie and Anthony. So pay attention, asshole. 1027 WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony and Steven Lynch in the studio. This music's too loud. Sorry about that. Yeah. I've heard from people, too, like the music that's playing when we come out of a break. Yeah. It'll be loud in our phones. Right. So we sound like we're yelling over the music, but it's all equalized going out of the room. So sometimes it sounds like, hey, how you doing? It's Opie and Anthony. We're back. Oh my, my ears are bleeding. Oh my God. All right. Rick was telling a cute little story while we were in a commercial break. Yeah. How long have you been married, Rick? I believe you're up to 10 days. 10 plus 10 days? No. 10 days back from your honeymoon, a day and a half. In an hour, it'll be 12 days total. All right. Okay. So 12 days, a dozen days. Dozen days. Now, Rick, you did quite well with the wedding checks, I believe. We did okay, but it wasn't about money. No. Yeah, but let's face it, when you get married, you get very excited to open up those envelopes. You do get a little giddy, don't you, there, Rick? Just a little bit. That sack is in front of you and you're just kind of opening up envelopes going, look at this. Yeah. Like, I don't even like these people. So you're sitting there and thinking of all the funny things you could buy with the money, right? Yeah. Right? You're sitting there going, wow, look at all this money. I could buy that. Especially, you know, the work I did the past year, the extra hours I put in. Sure, sure. So, Rick, how long did it take before you realized you'd have no say in how the money was spent? Well, it hit me a lot. 12 days. It hit me on the 11th day. 11th day, which was yesterday. About 8 p.m. Some of the money was spent yesterday. Yeah. How much money was spent yesterday? I came home and I found... Wait, wait, wait, no, just how much money did she spend yesterday? She spent... That's all I want to know right now. $600, did you say? $600. $600. Okay, now I'm thinking, we got some good stuff. That's a major purchase, probably. I'm guessing either major appliance. Something like that to make the little woman's life a little easier around the homestead, right? Alright, kids, hold on to your steering wheel really tight. So, what did she spend the money on, Rick? Well, um... We had registered for some things that we never got. Yeah? And, uh... Just get to it, go. She bought pots. Come on! Are you kidding me? No. She bought pots. She bought pots. Now, $600... $600 worth of pots. Pots. Well, I'm thinking you must get a hell of a lot of pots. That's what I said, S-lob. For $600. You sure she said she spent it on pots and not pot? Yeah, there were no, like, you know, bags around the house. Alright. Oh, this is old-school. Rick's on the marijuana. Alright, $600 on pots. Yes. So now I'm thinking probably a pot for any occasion. Hundreds of pots could be bought for $600. I am dead. How many pots were purchased for $600? Uh... Seven pots. A slammer! Does George Foreman come to your house too and cook for that price? Actually, we got that. The George Foreman lean, mean, fat-burning grilling machine. And we got it from you and Jen. George... oh yeah, yeah, sure. Alright, hold on. Pete, what's up? No way. I gave you a check, you bastard. I gave you cash, didn't I? I know I did. You didn't get... get out of here! The day I give you a goddamn grilling machine, put it over my friggin' head! We got the George Foreman fat-busting grill from you! No. Look, asswipe, look, there is no way in hell you got the George Foreman grilling fat-burning machine from us. We did! Dude, look, I'm pissed now! I wrote a friggin' check for you, man! Cash! I understand that. I got out of the car with no, uh, wrapped gift or anything. Right. It was an envelope with a check in it. You seem to have crossed up some of your labeling on gifts that were given out, unless Opie was playing a joke on me, got the grilling machine and slapped our name on it. Dude, you mean you went 12 days thinking I gave you a goddamn George Foreman grilling machine? Linda, Linda, if you're listening, Rick's wife, if you're listening, there's no way we got you a George Foreman grilling machine. You're joking with me, right? No, I'm not joking, dude. Rick, I swear to you. I swear to Christ to you. And the funniest part about it, dude? We were psyched. You're like, cool! I don't care how psyched you are, we did not get you a grilling machine. A friggin' infomercial product I get our producer for his wedding? Dude, I got you a pretty good check! Find it! You can buy another half a pot with that money. You can get at least another two or three pots! I am gonna friggin' faint! Are you kidding me? You've been thinking that we got you that? Bro! Oh my God, that guy is a friggin' infomercial thing! Where's the time master from Opie and Sandy? Actually, we were expecting the slam, man. Rick, I swear to you, there was no George Foreman grilling machine. Are you sure it wasn't you? Positive. I could have sworn it was you, man. Positive. Holy mother of pearl! Hey, I'm believing! Cheryl, what's going on? Hi, I'm thinking that maybe Den gave that as a bridal shower gift. Oh yeah? That could have been it. Alright, well, a bridal shower gift, that's fine. But it still came from you. I had your name on it. It did not. A bridal shower gift? With the lingerie and the... Nothing better for George, George, George, George and George and Rick and Linda. And showing he cares about our producer Rick. Come on, uh-uh. Hey Pete, what's going on? Hey, where's Rick? Is he there? I'm right here. What are you, half a fag or something like that? Everyone's a fag. At least I'm half a fag. What? What do I do now? When you take a f***, pal, what do you do if you're giving your wife any money at all? What do you think about the bucks on Bonsai fans? You're crazy! Check your penis at the door, pal. You don't need it anymore. Please! Eric, he's more pissed than I am. Eric, what's going on? Hey, listen man, f*** up for the grilling machine, man. And it's okay. Get him up to hell, apologize and f*** off. That wasn't his wedding gift. I was going to say that's a great gift in the black community at a wedding, right? Absolutely, man. I got no f***, but I got married. I could cook up my cracking net. I got like 50 cents of towels, man. So like, I've been married now 12 years. I've still got towels. I haven't even freaking used it yet. All right, Eric, very good. Watch the difference between guys and girls. Let me put a lady on the phone here. Michelle, what's going on? Oh, I knew you were coming for me when I heard that. What's up, Michelle? That's reasonable. It's a good set of pants. $600 is a reasonable price for a seven-pot? Think about it. If you're going to buy a set now for $150 or whatever, and then three years from now buy another set, three years from now buy another set. This is the logic I got last night. Of course. This will last us 10 to 15 years. What kind of pots are they? Are they cow porn? They're pots! My mother has pots in her house that I swear I remember her cooking me soupy when I was sick when I was a kid. They're the same pots, and they probably cost like $10. Pots. $600 on seven pots. Phil, what's up? This might not be a bad thing for Rick. The key question is, Rick, if you came home with a $600 stereo receiver, would you get the s*** beat out of you or would that be cool? If it works both ways, you could work this to your advantage. No, I'm not going to be spending $600. I won't get clearance on that. Clearance. Clearance. It's all over for the client. You have no chance. If she can go and drop six and you don't have a peep to say about it and if you did the same thing, your host, it's just head over everything. Thank you, Phil. Well, see, here's what led to the $600 pot story. We're flying back from Aruba and she said, you know, one of the things I wanted us to get that we didn't get for the wedding were these sets of pots that I registered. Planting the seed on the way home. Look at that. Planting a little seed. Yeah, after a week's long of sex. I figured, you know. So she goes, she goes, they're like 300, 350 bucks. The ones she registered for. Well, that was 10 months ago. That set is not available anymore. William Sonoma. So it's their fault, Rick? So now it's the $600 set of pots. Are you defending her by saying the store screwed up? This is how I got suckered in. So then when I got home and she goes, I got you this and I got you this and I got you Tostitos and I got you a little weenies and I got you this. Like she bought me all these like little fools. I got $600 worth of pots. Exactly. And it was just like, and it's like she's softening the blow. Like, and I got the pots. I'm like, oh cool. How much was the final total? Well, they didn't have the ones I registered for. And you said I could go and get them. So, $600. You think you know what you'd do? You come home someday and go, look, they didn't have the Sony Walkman I wanted. So I had to get the big screen digital television set. Yeah, I had to get the big screen TV. Uh, Jay, what do you have to add? Is Rick Vice Chance show up for Richard? No, it's not. Ah, that'll say there's another name, a nickname for Richard that sounds like Rick. And I think you're going to have to, you're going to have to bone yourself out for a while. If you're trying to tell you, don't get married. We spend weeks trying to tell you don't get married. Oh my God. I'll say what Anthony said. Why don't you walk out and just try to buy a TV, like a 32 inch stereo TV. See what happens. I already got one of those and she was there. Buy one for your room, though, just for you to watch football games on the weekend. That goes in your room and then you get the big screen TV. I'm talking the like 56 inch. We don't have the room, dude. Who cares? Buy it. It's not a matter of even watching it. You never have to turn it on. You just have to purchase it. That's it. That's it. A doorstop. Hey Mark, what's going on? I'll tell you, I'm listening to you guys and I'll tell you Rick's actually lucky because at least he's got something sizable to show for 600 bucks. My brother's rich of a wife just spent $600 on six steak knives. Six steak knives. $100 a knife. One set of Hankel steak knives for 600 bucks. I could appreciate a purchase like that. I don't know what's funnier. By the way, Rick, did you get the George Foreman grill that I'm saying? Yeah, I don't know what's funnier. Rick's wife spending $600 on pots or Anthony finding out that he gave the George Foreman grill as a wedding gift. I did not. You did. It wasn't a wedding gift. Your name was on it. I don't know whether it was given to you as a bridal shower gift or given to Linda as a bridal shower gift. It was not your wedding present from us. It was not the George Foreman fat burning grilling machine thing that he sells. Hey George, what's up? I want to ask Anthony, when you ordered the George Foreman grill machine, are you making four easy payments on that or is it a day all at once? What's the matter with you? Four easy payments. Did you throw in a Mark McGuire rookie card? Be dialing people. George Foreman grill. Look at the fat it burns off. And you get a Sosa rookie card and a Beanie Baby. Tom, what's up? Hey, you guys got to play back all those days where we told Rick not to get married. He was sounding so pompous and all full of himself. Now he sounds like a beaten dog. I'm not that beaten. I still got my car. Your little yellow sports car? Hopefully that will be home when I get home. Rick still has his little yellow sports car. How long? We'll take a little pool here. How long before it's traded in for an Astro van? How long before the Dodge Caravan is in the driveway and your little yellow sports car, the impractical two-seater, is gonzo? God, I hope it's home when I get home. Andrea. Hi, what's up? Rick, how many pots did you say you got in? I got seven pots. Are you sure? Is it a set of seven? I guess so. Why? Because if it's a set of seven, you know what you're paying for. You're paying for three pots, maybe a pan and three lids. Oh, they count the lids as a part of the set? No, we definitely got seven pots out of the deal. Are you sure about that? Oh, well then you didn't get ripped off. And for an extra hundred, we'll throw in handles. I'm doubting this. It's a 20-piece set. Well, we include the screws that hold the handles on, the washers, everything. Pots not included. I want to know, I've got to come over some day and have maybe some Campbell's tomato soup cooked in an almost $100 pot. That has got to be good. And then it's got to taste better than just a regular old pot. And then we can grill you up a nice grilled cheese sandwich in your George Warren and Fat Boston Grill, man. It'll be a nice soup and sandwich for you. Oh, good. If we have to run out for any groceries, you can take me in your Dodge Caravan. We'll pass your sports car at the lot where it was traded in for your Astro fan. You know, I feel so free. I'm going to go out tonight and spend $600 in hookers and drugs. Just because I can. Cutting down tonight? Like any of this crap? It's the worst. You're both in an Anthony. It is Ophi and Anthony. Hello. How are you guys? Thanks for joining us. Yeah. Um, that's the O&H show. Lots to do today. We'll get into all that in just a bit here. All right. Let's see. What else did we want to get to today? Thirsty monkeys? This, I have to say, is the story of the day. How the hell did this happen? Well, let me read a little bit for you, Anthony. Thirsty monkeys stoned herdsmen to death. I loved it. Cue music. Now, in Nairobi, a group of thirsty monkeys stoned a herdsman to death in drought stricken northern Kenya as he watered his livestock, a newspaper reported Thursday. Why? In a clear sign of worsening drought, a herdsman was killed after the rioting monkeys stoned him at a watering point. A nurse in the district said the man died from severe head injury. Good aim on the monkeys. Damn. Why? All they wanted was a little bit of water. Could he not spare a few drops of water for these poor primates? My God! Just a little taste of water for their red monkey asses. And everything would have been fine. It would have been a lie today. But no, he denied the monkeys. Damn you! Damn you! I remember when I needed water and Zira came up and gave me a drink of water. God damn it, I loved that monkey bitch. She gave me water. I got water from a monkey. And he wouldn't give water back to these poor thirsty monkeys? Damn him! They gave you a lot of water when you were in that cage with the... It's a madhouse! A madhouse! God damn, good aim on the monkeys. Head injury. Crack shots. You know, they couldn't hit me with bullets when Dr. Zais was shooting. But they hit him in the head with rocks. How does a monkey know that the guy has water and he isn't giving it to him? I know. I don't understand this story. Explain that one. There's no way the monkey knows he has water. And doesn't know to pick up rocks and throw them at him. Are you sure this is Nairobi? Maybe they're smarter than we thought. Yes, they are intelligent. Smart monkeys. They live in little clay houses. I've seen it. Take your sticky paws off me, damn dirty ape! Oh, hold on. Nova. Nova. Look, they're throwing rocks at Nova. Damn you monkeys. I just don't get it. A bunch of riotous monkeys. Let me get this straight. Riotous monkeys? Red ass, stupid monkeys. See a sheep herder. Giving water to his sheep. Correct. They get mad because he's not giving them water. Correct. And they start throwing rocks. Right. Why did they just go and take the water? I don't know. There was more of them, right? Yes. My God, man. That's an amazing story. Either this guy is incredibly stupid, or those are some smart monkeys. I'd have kicked them in their tiny red asses. Yes, yes. What's that Cornelius? She was pregnant and it's not yours. Damn, they caught me again. I couldn't, I couldn't take my hands off of her. Saggy monkey udders. That red ass is a bullseye for jumping. I love it. Are you sure? I still, I don't understand. Are you sure, nigga? Are you sure they weren't drinking more liquor? That's all I gotta say. Stop it. Alright. Oh my God. Maybe it was Reginald Denny. Ah. What? Yellow Doodle. Bone dry, bone dry, damn you. Apologize it. Apologize it. No wonder they throw rocks. Bone dry, bone dry. Damn monkeys. I heard they threw 41 rocks. Yes, but only 19 hit him. I heard he was down and they kept throwing rocks at him. Bastard monkeys. Why? The guy was just holding his wallet. And they threw rocks at him and continued even when Asi was down. Why damn you? They just said, please give me some water in their native monkey tongue. The shepherd just didn't know how to deal with the monkeys. No justice, no peace. Maybe the Yankees can recruit these guys. He's a cool cat. He's a cool cat indeed. Just said when you see riotous monkeys, give them water for God's sake. What's wrong with you? Alright. I never thought they were that smart. There'll be a rally at noon tomorrow. I've never heard this. What to do? What to do? Riotous monkeys. Alright, listen. I have all the water you want. Right me. Oh my God. It's awful. Okay, terrific. Yes. Jesus. Horrifying. Alright, alright, alright. They keep coming back. Apologize. Alright, phone number 212-757-1027. We'll go to the phone's next. The worst of Opie and Anthony. 1027-WNEW. Alright, Eesha. Not Opie. Not Anthony. What's up guys? It's Rick, the producer, sitting in for the guys. They're on vacation. They have been on vacation all weeks of... You didn't know that. Probably either living in their cave. Maybe you're out of town. Or I don't know what else. What else could be your excuse? We're doing the worst of all week this week. We've got tomorrow to do it as well. Guys will return fresh, ready to go. Bright and early. Oh, somewhat early. Monday. I'll make sure you check it out when they do return from their vacation. In the meantime, a lot of people have been requesting this. They've been requesting it for a while, all week. And I told you it'd be coming up. Spaz Radio. Yeah, when Spaz, our big red retard, brings in his radio audition tape for the guys to check out and, you know, give them their feedback on. And he mistakenly gives it to them, like, the day before they're coming into work. So, of course, they're going to listen to it. And you just got to sit back. If you've never heard this before, you've only heard about it, sit back. It's about... Be prepared to be here for the next hour and a half or so. Because this is some of the funniest stuff they have ever done. All right? So sit back, relax, eat something quickly before this gets started. Maybe take one last sip of your drink. And here it is. It's Spaz Radio. And now, the worst of Opie and Anthony. Your lowest common denominator. The worst of Opie and Anthony. Is there anything to stop it? The worst of Opie and Anthony. Quick, change the channel. No! 1027 WNEW. Opie is Anthony. And in the studio we've got Spaz, our buddy, our pal, who works on the radio show. He hasn't been on the radio in a couple weeks, thank God. But he's been busy screening the phone calls for the radio. And he does a great job. Right, Anthony? Absolutely. I think we can agree on that point. Well, Spaz gave me his radio audition tape as I was leaving the building yesterday. Because I guess wasn't worthy enough to listen to it and offer up an opinion. My total lack of radio experience. That Spaz sees it. Yeah. Well, Spaz, do you realize this is the number one radio market in the country? Yes, I do. Do you realize pretty much whether you like them, hate them or what have you, anybody in a major market radio has enough experience to critique a college radio tape? Yeah. I'm almost insulted. If it wasn't coming from you, I would be insulted. But I couldn't possibly be insulted by you. Well, that's okay, Spaz. Once again, Anthony and I played the tape. I look like we're in Iowa. I think I'm an intern at an Iowa radio station. You can't take my tape. So Anthony and I checked out the tape while we were stuck in traffic on the way in today. And you kept us very entertained. Usually we have major road rage, especially with the 59th Street Bridge being F'd up like it is lately. We were stuck in traffic. We didn't care because we were laughing so damn hard. That is a fact. That is a fact. People were looking at us like, what the hell are they listening to that they're laughing so hard? We should have had hockey helmets on for what we looked like in that truck. Swear to God. Well, Anthony, there's already people calling in because I told people to call up and comment about Spaz's radio audition tape. Yeah. We haven't even played any of it yet and people are already calling in. I would love to know what someone would have to say before they hear it. All right, Mike, what's going on? Dude, I couldn't even imagine what you guys were like on the bridge. I mean, I call in all the time and I talk to him just on the phone. I can imagine what these tapes are going to be like. If you don't mind, I want to hang on the air and just listen to this because this has got to be probably the funniest thing I'm ever going to hear in my entire life. All right, I'll put you on hold and we'll go to you from time to time with your comments as well, okay? Right on. Thanks, Mike. Who else is? Do we have someone screen the call? Yes. All right, here we go, Anthony. All right, so I guess we could get into Spaz's audition tape. Let's get right into it. This tape was made when, Spaz? Over the weekend. Over the weekend. Because he's talking about some current events in this tape. He's talking about Khalid Mohammed's Million Youth March. Yeah. He's talking about the killer mosquito. Yeah, don't get confused. This isn't a tape from years ago or something at a college radio station or anything. This is just this weekend. Right. A couple days ago, he's talking about the Subway series a little bit, kind of, a little baseball talk. And he has some comments about Hillary Clinton. Politics. Politics. Well-rounded, well-rounded. And Janet Reno out of nowhere. Whoa. All right. So we're going to play the first break, Spaz. All right. This is you opening up your radio show, right? Yes. Okay, what were you trying to get across in your first break here? We're just going to go through the process with you. That's all. All right. I wanted to start off with a voiceover to show. I could do a voiceover. Okay. A voiceover. Intro to music, you know, and hype up the show or what you can expect in the hour. Okay. Coming up and never do that. Oh, Jesus Christ. All right. So it's kind of like a radio tease, you know? Yeah. I'm K-Dawg. Oh, yeah, yeah. And by the way, his name is not Kevin or Spaz on his radio show. It is? K-Dawg. K-Dawg. Okay. So, you know, as long as I think it's a metallic intro, you're going to tell everyone what they can expect on the K-Dawg radio show, right? Yes. Okay. Let's start here then. Yeah, I'm kicking it off here at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon here on this Friday or Saturday, I'm sorry. All right. Uh-oh. You didn't know what day you were on? I screwed up in the beginning, but I covered it very well in my next statement. What, for Saturday, I'm sorry? No, the next statement I said, I'm sorry, I'm just trying to get into the weekend like everybody else. Oh, okay. All right. So, you were a little confused what day it was, right? Yeah. No real big deal if you're trying to be on the radio. Sure. Yeah, I'm kicking it off here at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon here on this Friday or Saturday, I'm sorry. Just trying to get- Wait, wait, wait. What was that? Everybody else's- What? Wait a minute. What are you doing? What? It's like Friday by Saturday. Do you hear that? What, he's got some kind of breathing thing going on? You can play that again. All right, hold on. This could take forever today. Yeah, I'm kicking it off here at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon here on this Friday or Saturday, I'm sorry. Just trying to get into the weekend as everybody else is, but- What? What is that? You can't be snorting into the microphone like that. It's phlegm. It's when I'm breathing through my mouth, that's the sound of me. Well, you've got to fix that. Or something. All right, so the K-Dog radio show has begun, Andrew. Yeah, how would I know? Right. Mr. Inexperienced. The K-Dog radio show has begun. All right. And so far, Spaz is not really sure what day it is. That's a good start though, Spaz. Sure, sure. All right. But we're going to kick it off with a little program here with a little bit of Metallica. And a few walks away from the mic. A little bit here. Mic technique. All right. Anyway, yeah, we're going to be getting into more of the music of Rob Zombie and Ramstein and other good stuff. We're going to be talking about some news going around. There's a killer justito going around in Queens right now. The Mads Maggies getting into that million man youth march. We'll see how that goes. Million man youth march? What? Million man youth march? It's the million man march or the million youth march? Youth march. Never both. A million and a youth at the same time. The million man youth march? Yeah, Rudy's right. I like that other part. I know, wait, I'm going back. Some comments about like riots or something. Hold on, here we go. The million man youth march. We'll see how good that goes. You see the riots right now. Anyway, everybody fears for the life in Harlem. Spaz is like bashing black people. Right off the bat. What's up with that? I was trying to make it. People are furious. They're like, oh, I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. Someone else has a little critique. I don't know how experienced this guy is in radio, but he's offering his critique. Rich from New York City, get the tissues out of your nose. You're not calling in sick to work. Let's go to the phones real fast. Frank, what's up? I'm going to drop a quarter. Oh my God, I almost crashed. When is that million man youth march? I can't believe it. I'm going to drop a quarter. I'm going to drop a quarter. I'm going to drop a quarter. I'm going to drop a quarter. I'm going to drop a quarter. I'm going to drop a quarter. I'm going to drop a quarter. I felt like a dog. My head was twisting when they heard weird sound. What's going on? We're going to teach Spaz or K-Dawg a little bit about radio today. It sounded like he was snoring. I almost fell asleep too. If I hadn't laughed I would have been asleep. All right Frank, thank you. Bye. Can we go to some instant feedback real quick? Steve from the Foundry Music website. As you know Steve, wanting to get into broadcasting, is going to school right now. He says, God damn, I've been busting my ass on a demo for the past month so I'll sound perfect and that's what Kevin hands in. Oh my God, what a tragedy. It's a rough draft. All right, calm down everyone. Mike, what's up? Hey, if you ask me, I think K-Dawg is trying to audition to be Wilpent Harvick on K-Rock or something because he's horrible. You guys suck Spaz, do Rusty Trombone. All right, thank you. See you later. All right. So was that the end of your first break? You set up your radio show there Spaz? First break, yes. All right. Mind you this whole tape is a rough draft. Oh, a rough draft. By the way, I noticed throughout your radio audition that you were recording your segues. Yes. Why? Because I wanted to. Like one song would fade out and then I guess he's trying to show a future boss that he's able to start another song as the other one's ending, right? Oh my God. You don't need to put that on a tape. I don't? No, a monkey could do that. Seriously. All right. Should we move on with his audition tape? Oh, of course. All right. Yeah, it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. All right, in all fairness for K-Dawg, this is his second break of his radio audition tape. Yeah. And he's coming out of Ugly Kid Joe's Neighbor, right? Yes. He'd work the song title into his rap to start this break. Yeah. All right. All right. Here we go. Yeah, it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. Here at WICR. Wait a minute. Did you forget what radio station you were at? Did you? No, I just lost train of thought there for a second. The train of thought derailed many miles back. Wait, spaz. You start your radio show and you're not really sure what day of the week it is, right? Yes. Okay. And now I'm hearing on this tape that you really weren't sure what radio station you were at. Let me request a dime. Drop a dime. What is that? Say it again. Drop a dime. Let me know what's on your mind. All right. Here he comes to start a second break with that neighbor thing. Listen closely. Spaz kind of forgot what radio station he's broadcasting for. Drop a nickel, suck my pickle. Yeah, it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. Here at WICR. Shoot, it's like four and a half seconds. I just timed it. It's like four and a half seconds. You didn't know your call letter? Did you have to look up and read it from somewhere or what? Wait, was that manipulated? That's not manipulated. That's how you gave me the tape. Seriously? Yeah, look. Listen for yourself. You don't know what radio station you're broadcasting for. I almost said N-E-W. Oh, he's dreaming now. All right, listen. Here at WICR. It's like, you're at WI. That whole thing. All right. It's the K-Dog. All right, so you had all of the K-Dogs. So he's growling. Oh, I get it now. Holy Jesus. All right, so you had a little trouble trying to remember what radio station you're at. I guess not. I guess that happens with all the pros and the best. Yeah. Sure. Okay. All right, let's move on with the second break here. All right. 610 AM out of college radio for number 6332369. That was Ugly Kid Joe with Neighbor. And before that, you heard Fear Factory with their new single Cars, as well as we opened up the show with Metallica. Yes, there is none higher with Fade to Black. Anyway, we're going to be getting some more news later on about that deadly mosquito going around in Queens. What's the deadly mosquito? Is it like as big as Godzilla that's attacking people? It killed a couple of people. You make it sound like it's this huge, like, 20-foot creature. The deadly mosquito. I'm trying to make the story so people would listen to me. So this is a radio tease? They're going to have to tune in to make sure it's not a huge, giant mosquito? Yes, because I'm trying to give them a headline to capture my audience. Oh, is that it, like the tease? Wow, the instant feedback. Just going wild, Opie. Paul from Maristown, he sounds like he smoked a dime bag before making the tape. Someone tells Spaz it's okay to go back, listen to his tape before he hands it to anyone. And he should ask himself if he would hire the person on the tape. Get Mr. Rogers off the friggin' air. Donald in the Bronx says I'm going to drop a grenade. This is more painful than watching Ben Stiller get his Schwing caught in a zipper. And Xavier, good God in heaven, make this hurting stop. Make it stop. It burns my ears. Get this effing sorry ass off the air. Menneth from Brooklyn, I'd rather wear a Cleveland steamer than hear the rest of this. Greg in Jersey, guys, please tell me that this is a bit and he didn't really do this on his own. So the feedback's just pouring in. Billy, what's up? Hey guys, how are you? What the hell, what is it, one giant mosquito? That's what I was trying to tell them. Like, Broke Dan flying around Queens somewhere? Yeah, it's doing a flyby, for God's sake. The giant mosquito that's killing people in Queens, come on. It's killing three people. Hey, this is Don Imus, this is annoying me because I had Moby Worm, the giant worm, remember that baby? Hey, Spaz, am I experienced enough to critique your tape? Just wait, he tries to pronounce what the people are getting from the time this is getting on. Spaz, I think you need a big fat cowboy hat like Don Imus. Now let's say it, W-A-M-B-Z. Alright, alright, so I guess Spaz is teasing a new story to keep his listeners tuned, right Anthony? I think so. So I guess he's going to have commentary on the giant mosquito soon. Me and Rick are going to P.S. Elson. It gets much better. Oh, I know, because this is Spaz's news break. Hold on to your bladder, kids. Okay, so there's a huge giant mosquito loose in Queens and we continue the tape now. Does it have fangs and stuff, Spaz? It's right in the story right now, the giant mosquito. Alright, here we go. Flying over LaGuardia. Let's move on with the tape. If you're just tuning in and listening to Spaz's radio audition tape, just wait until he talks about the million-year march. If he's in LaGuardia, he'll call out LaGuardia. I'm going to do a little traffic and we'll report much of the traffic by LaGuardia airport. Alright, here we go, Ant. Let's move on. I'm not going to be good at the Hillary. I don't want to discuss that. Well, I can't give my views over the air because it's not meant for on the air. But, yeah. Alright, so you went from... Okay, so this is like your current event. What the hell was that? This is your current event break, I'm assuming. You want to discuss the issues of the day, right? So you're teasing the giant mosquito story that you're going to talk about a little later, right? Yeah. But now you have some commentary about Hillary Clinton, but it's so outrageous you're not going to tell your listeners. Yeah, hang on a minute. You had commentary on Hillary. But it's not for the air. Yeah, because I didn't know if I was allowed to say that. Say what I was going to say. What were you going to say? Well, unless you were going to call her a c***. Alright, we had a tough battle this show. Unless you were going to say something bad about her bad language or anything, what were you going to say? What were you going to say about Hillary? You got some obvious strong views on Hillary. Yeah, I was going to say that she's a carpet muncher and she shouldn't be in New York because she doesn't know anything about it. Oh, carpet muncher. K-Dogs train wrecked. So you're pretty much telling people that she's a lesbian. Yeah, because she's a butch. She's been the president for the past two terms. She won a Pants of the Family. Alright, so I guess what I'm getting from K-Dogs' radio audition tape, there's a killer mosquito, Lucy in Queens, and Hillary Clinton is a carpet muncher, right? God damn, I would listen to this every day. I swear to God, if this was on every day, I would listen. K-Rock ought to hire you. I swear I would listen every day. You're definitely better than Stuttering John. I don't know what the hell's going to happen. Okay, so giant mosquito, Hillary Clinton is a carpet muncher. Let's continue. Not a carpet banger. No, no, no. He's getting away from politics. Hold on, I've got to go to the phones really fast. Chris, what's up? I can do better than that, and I'm not in radio, and that's a challenge. Alright, Chris, thank you. Mike, what's going on? What's going on, fellas? I tell you what, I just about peed myself sitting here for the last two seconds on the line. I've got to tell you, Anthony, I can understand why he didn't give you the tape to critique. K-Dog's vast experience in the music industry has led him to where we're at right now. I can just imagine where his career is headed to. He's going to be beyond what you guys can even imagine. Alright, Mike. Take care, fellas. Alright, Jesus. Suck. Can we have some more emails coming in? They're just coming in like crazy. Alright, go ahead. Johnny thinks K-Dog should spend more time licking his things. Good God in heaven, Spaz shouldn't even do commentary for the Special Olympics. Joe Lyons from Comedy Central checking in. The Greaseman isn't as racist as Spaz. Oh, that's right. He had a comment about the million man youth march. The million man youth march. Johnny from Brooklyn, what's wrong with Spaz? His mother must have dropped him as a baby. Cory, does Spaz have the ability to speak in complete sentences or have a complete thought? What a tool. And Rich, neither is K-Dog meant to be on the air. Maybe in the air when he jumps to his death after this retreat. So people just checking in like crazy, K-Dog. Yeah, and if you're just tuning in once again, we're listening to Spaz, AKA K-Dog's radio audition tape. K-Dog and a K-Dog. And a K-Dog. Spaz handing me the audition tape on the way home last night. Alright, so I guess we're in the middle of Spaz's current events break-in. Right. Johnny Mosquito, Hillary Clinton. Well, we just found out that Hillary Clinton is a carpet muncher. Oh, are we going to go back now to Spaz Radio? Spaz Radio from the top of the Spaz building. Alright, ready? Alright. Janarino getting some heat about the thing in Waco. Yeah, that thing. That little distraction a couple years ago. He also got some news on the... Wait, you didn't bring up Janarino, but you don't even know... Did you elaborate? Elaborate on your thought? Hold on, I've got to go back again. That thing in Waco. Everybody knows what that was about. But catching some heat. Why is she catching heat? What new developments have we found out about what happened at Waco two years ago? Or however many years ago it was? It was an error on my judgment to not speak about that. Well, do you have any thoughts on Janarino and Waco, Texas, Spaz? None at this moment, but I will get back to you. Do you think the government is holding information from us? No, but I just think that Renone probably is getting a bad rap because I know how it feels... Huh? Go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. See, because I know how it feels when... Alright, let him finish his thought. Okay, he's got some... Finish his thought, come on. It's only a four-hour show. Because I know how it feels when your own personnel and your own officers don't help you out. Wow, they're going against you. Okay, I don't know. Alright, so you're as bad as talking about Janarino, but he just decided to... Like Hillary, he just wouldn't talk about it. Janarino getting some heat about the thing in Waco a couple years ago. You also got some news on the Mexican Yankees and other such good stuff. The millionaires march, give my commentary on that pretty soon. Anyway, you were listening to K-Dog, here at WYCR, and we're going to be getting back to more music. And give it in about a little bit. But first we're going to get into a couple commercials, and then we'll be right back with some more tunes. And then we can kick it off with some Judas Priest. So stay tuned, stay in there. Any requests? 6332269, this is K-Dog, here at WYCR, 610 AM. Whoa! He's teasing the million man youth march. He's going to have some comments about it. I'm assuming this is going to be the bit of the day. You've been pushing it so much, it's got to be some brilliant stuff. I believe I did give good commentary on it. Alright, well, okay. We're finished with the second break from the K-Dog radio audition tape, Anthony. Covered a lot of current events there. The people on the instant feedback are great, man. Lawrence, Brooklyn, give him the overnights. The way overnight. Marconi checking in, I wish I never invented radio. Another guy from Brooklyn saying, pathetic, just pathetic. And Chris from Englewood, call the dog catcher on K-Dog and stuff a bone up his ass. Well, let's go to the phones real fast. Craig, what's up? Hey, what's going on? How are you? Listen, I've got one question. The K in K-Dog, is that short for corky? Thank you, Craig. Totally out of control, you guys suck. Alright, bye. Rooney, New York City. Waco is a current event. In other news, Hitler catching some heat over that Holocaust thing. Alright, John, what's up? Guys, this has got to be a scare, right? I swear to God. No way. I used to give him the benefit of the doubt. I know you guys picked on him too much. Spaz, you're an idiot. I am going to be hacking up flam from laughing so hard. I swear it is, John. Thank you. Oh my God. Alright, it's a rough draft. Well, we understand that, Spaz. That's why you came to us. We're going to help you out with your next tape, alright? Tony from Milford. My wife is an Iona graduate. She just threw away her diploma. Thank you for proving Westchester Community College to be the premier higher learning institute. The listeners are great, man. Alright, Spaz shouldn't be allowed to own a radio. Tim, you've been waiting a while. What's up? Guys, let me tell you. This has been worth a half hour. Oh, cool. Spaz, I always used to call you Kevin. When you pick up the phone, now you're effing Spaz. You know what he sounds like? You take a 45 and you put it on 33 and a third. Hi, guys. The mad scientist in the Bugs Bunny cartoon. You're effing Smithy Ether. Hello, rabbit. Let me tell you, Spaz is a college graduate. Oh, Jesus Christ. God help my son. Alright, Tim. Later, guys. The president of Iona College just threw himself on the tracks of Metro North and put Spaz in a traffic copter and shoot it down. And I hate to say this, but we definitely got to take another break. We've been talking for like a half hour. We got the second half of the Spaz radio audition tape. I defy you to go anywhere. Who the hell is going to change their dial at this point? Well, on the way, his commentary on the Million Youth March and the giant mosquito. The giant mosquito. It's one giant mosquito killing people like queens, according to Spaz. And he's got some tips on how to prevent getting bit by the giant mosquito. Oh, there he is. Whoa, there he is in Astoria. Wow, just trudging up the van life. I've got to take a leak. I can't handle this, man. Alright, listen. We've got to blow out some commercials. Please stay right there. We'll get into the second half of K-Dog's audition tape to become a radio DJ. I swear to God, if there's program directors from other radio stations listening, you're crazy not to hire this guy. I'll take him up in a second. Hire him, put him up against us and see what happens. Alright? Alright. Please don't go anywhere. His commentary on the Million Man Youth March is priceless. And wait until you hear how he pronounces what you get from the giant mosquito. More to come with WNEW. Stay there. Today, you're stuck with the worst of OP and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. It's OP and Anthony and Spaz is in the studio. We're back from a long commercial break. Thanks for hanging in there for us. I had to run out of here and take a wits. If you're just tuning in, we're in the middle of listening to Spaz's radio audition tape. He gave us the tape on the way out last night. Anthony and I, we decided we were really scared to play it. We finally decided to play it when we were stuck in horrible traffic on the 59th Street bridge today. We figured we needed a laugh so we put in Spaz's audition tape. I've got to say thank God we were in traffic that we weren't moving because I swear I'd have been into the East River. I'd have driven off the bridge. We were laughing so freaking hard we forgot we were in traffic. Should we maybe read a few emails commenting on K-Dog's audition tape? Yeah, sure. Go ahead. All right. Marianne, he sounds like special K-Dog. Let's see. Joe in Morristown. Please, oh God, please don't let this moron breed. Terry, the emergency broadcast system is funnier than Spaz. Pete in Hicksville, call the cops on K-Dog so they can put him in the trunk of a car and die. Another one, Spaz is worse than the Grease Man. Matt in Ramsey, I guess doing a little imitation of K-Dog. Hey, this is crap dog. I'm an absolute idiot. And Nat from Manhattan. You should feed Spaz to the giant mosquito so it could suck the pus out of his head. I want to stop listening yet I'm deeply compelled. I hope this doesn't cause a clot in my brain. John checking in, tell Ralph Malf not to give up his gig at Arnold's. And we're also getting some faxes in. Spaz, million man ute march? He sounds like Joe Pesci. Ute march. K-Dog has rabies. Does he lick his own, you know what, during the breaks? I bet he can't even get himself off in a closet. Does he sniff the asses of his guests when they enter the studio? Thank you, Johnny. Tell gay dogs to give it up from Big John. Sean in Jersey, I think you finally found a worthy cause for all that muscular dystrophy money. We have to have a cure for whatever Spaz has before it spreads. He's sadder than any drooling kid in a wheelchair. Well, Spaz people commenting, but of course they're not happy. They're just saying, well, we're going to have to get rid of him. Well, Spaz people commenting, but of course they're not experienced. They really don't know what they're talking about, Spaz. They're just listeners. Take that for what it's worth. Rick, what's up? Hey, you guys better not let Dave Herman or Gary hear this tape, because you guys will be losing your jobs real quick. Oh, we know that. And you should tell Kevin he should go out to the cops with a hammer in the near future. Thanks a lot, you guys suck. Alright, Rick, thank you. Alright, bye. Wiggler? Wiggler? Yeah, guys, how's it going? Alright, what's up? He has got to change from K-Dawg to K-Rap. That's just horrible crap right there. I think the Budweiser fairy is more articulate than Spaz. Weird! Weird! Horrible. Thank you, bud. You suck at especially Spaz. Alright, bye. Steven, what's up? Yo, I think yo, Spaz, everybody's busted on him, but yo, he's got balls. He's enjoying himself there. There you go. He really is good. Alright, good. I'd love to be in his shoes. Alright. Oh, hanging out with Spike, all them guys, you guys, you guys are the best. We love Spaz. We're just giving him a little advice on his radio audition tape today. Thank you, Steven. No problem. Alright, man, one more call and we'll get back to the audition tape. James, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. I just want to say, he should either stick to changing tampons or doing game play or something, but just get him off the radio. What is up with that? Well, he's learning. He's learning? Horrible. Alright, James. Spaz Dog, which K-dog? Spaz Dog sounds better. Alright, cool. Later. Thank you. Alright, are we ready to get back to the tape, man? Oh, absolutely. Alright, I want to refresh everyone's memory in case we're getting a bunch of new people checking out the show today. We are listening to Spaz, AKA K-dog. That's his on-air name. And yeah, it's his audition radio tape. And so far we've learned on this tape that there's a giant mosquito killing people in Queens. Whoa. Yeah, there's a giant mosquito in Queens. Don't I miss. We also learned that Hillary Clinton is a carpet muncher. Yeah, I've heard in the news that she's a carpet bagger. But hey, carpet muncher, why not? He had some comment about Janarino, but we're not really sure what it was. And he's got, I guess the bit of the day is he's going to have some incredible commentary on the Million Man Youth March. Million Man Youth March. Million Man Youth March, but he's convinced that everyone was rioting in Harlem as they were listening to his radio show. Did I summarize good enough, man? Yeah, I think you did a great job. Okay. Please forgive me, too much oxygen to my brain. Okay. I'm laughing too hard. All right, so let's get back to the audition tape. This is break three. I think finally are we going to listen to your commentary on the Million Man Youth March? Million Man Youth March. Million Man Youth March. Okay, let's get back to K-Dog. Yeah, run for your lives. Absolutely. This is K-Dog here. All right, what happened there? What happened there? K-Dog? Run for your lives, it's K-Dog. I didn't know that the CD was going to continue. I didn't know how to change the continuous single on that CD player. How did you handle that? Let's hear how he handled that. You want me to go back in? He's very naughty. I think he panicked. Yeah, I know what you're thinking. All right, hold on, hold on, hold on. All right, here we go. All right, sorry about that. Here we go. Listen, he forgot to turn off the CD player. Yeah, run for your lives. This is K-Dog here at WSCR. This is the K-Dog here at WSCR. It's an AM and Jeff Flanagan will be running to the Continental Airlines Arena as he was the 10th caller and he won those Black Sabbath tickets. So Black Sabbath, that's pretty hip. Yeah. All right, rock on, man. Black Sabbath. So congratulations, Mr. Jeff Flanagan. All right, dear old Iona. Anyway, let's get some news that's going around today here on a Saturday. All right, here comes some more news. All right. F-Tom broke on. I mean, spazzes news. Oh, wait. Dan, there's a guy on the line that says that he sees the giant mosquito. Oh, he hung up. He hung up, but maybe he had a run from the giant mosquito and he had a... He'll call back, I'm sure. All right, here we go with the K-Dog's audition team. K-Dog's audition team. In the weekend, ship here WSAR 16 AM, phone number 632369... Wait a minute, spazz. K-Dog, pardon me, excuse me. That meant no disrespect. If you're giving out whether it be the calls of the station or the phone number, shouldn't you be articulate? Shouldn't you let the people hear it? You're kind of ramble... K-Dog got into man 1, went into man 2, went into man 5, and then he... You can't even tell what that was. Play that little part back. Can you tell me if you can say what that is? All right, here we go. In the weekend, ship here WSAR 16 AM, phone number 632369... Just go to 16, like everything just blends into... It's just because I'm used to saying it. But hey, who am I? Adam, what's up? What's happening, guys? Hey. I was wondering, I know where K-Dog got his name. You don't watch too much wrestling, spazz. I was wondering where Conan from WCW went. I was wondering if you were going to be using Spazz Hogan. No. Wait, you got your name from an wrestling guy? Are you a K-Dog wannabe? No, it's not that. He happens to have the same name. I just picked that name out of the blue because I had another name which I didn't particularly like. So I... Macho Man was already taken. No, I had another name but I didn't want it anymore so I chose that one. What, Howard Stern? No. The name I had before K-Dog was Dr. K. Dr. K? Yeah. That's good. The doctor is in. Yeah, man. K-Dog. He's got your prescription. The K-Dog, Jesse James. Oh, you didn't know? All right, hold on. John has a comment. John, what's up? Hey, guys. What's up? Listen, I just want to tell you, the tape would sound better if you played it backwards. Demonic messages. Thank you, John. All right, let's get back to the tape because this is another current events break. All right. Why are you turning so red over there, Spaz? You all right? Yeah. All right. My head hurts. All right, here we go. Drop a dime and let me know what's on your mind. Do we show me what? Drop a dime and let me know what's on your mind. And I'm looking here at the article that the Million Man Youth March has been removed. Now, if you're looking at the article, can't you see it just says the Million Youth March? There was the Million Man March, which was down in D.C. And then there's the Million Youth March, which is up in Harlem. See, if you're a man, you can't be a youth. Right. Or a ute. So I said it as you say. Okay. Million Man Youth Woman March. All right, it happens. It happens time and time again. Million Man Youth March and there's been a million prayers being said for peace as Muhammad Khalid will be marching. Oh, no. You could say Muhammad, Khalid, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, I said with only one I can't talk. Thank you, Muhammad. Thank you. I am so happy to be alive. I just didn't see it. Alright, let's go. I don't think so in the newspaper. Let's move on. This is his commentary about the Million Man Youth March. As Muhammad Khalid will be marching, actually he's marching right about now, and last year there were only about 6,000 marchers. This year, according to him, slightly more, he went through two courts to get this okayed as the city tried to shut the rally down because Khalid's racist remarks. In my opinion, I think that it shouldn't happen, but my opinion doesn't apparently count. I'm just one of the masses here in the city of New York. Masses. So why don't you think the Million Man Youth March shouldn't take place? Because the guy is a racist joke. Why should people follow his message? You mean racist? Like did he say anything like there'd be rioting up in Harlem? No, it's just that... Alright. I have to agree with him. The Grease Man likes the K-Dog. The color's a problem, a problem. Snarling's right, K-Dog. It's the Grease Man with the K-Dog. What a doodle. Yeah, we hate the colors, don't we, K-Dog? It's KKK-Dog. What a doodle. Look at his hood. What a dee. Snarling's bone dry, yeah. Grease Man with the KKK-Dog, yeah. What a doodle. Yeah. Me and the KKK-Dog, we don't like the Jews either, yeah. And the chinks, yeah. What a diddle. I am not racist. So you don't agree with... Neither do I, yeah. So you don't agree with Mohammed Khalid's message of hate or... Hate and violence. Hate and violence, okay. Alright. Alright. That's good. Okay, here we go. Anyway, the March Will be happening at... Yeah, we're there. Oh, my head. And you got horned some feedback over there. I'm going to punch it up. Holy Christ. It is priceless, man. Eric, what's up? Hey, how's it going, guys? Listen, did W.N.E.W. hire Spaz strictly for entertainment purposes or do they actually think that he could intern for this radio station? The only great justice that could be done is if the giant mosquito flies up his ass and explodes. He is absolutely horrible. I'm embarrassed to be a communications major listening to this guy. I can't believe how bad this guy is. Alright, thank you, Eric. Thank you very much. You guys suck. Alright, Rob from Brooklyn checking in. In other news, the giant mosquito ate Mohammed Khalid while K-Dawg made a mess on Hillary's munched carpet. Alright, anyway, let's get back to the tape. Chris, real quick, saying that Spaz really shines when he reads from the newspaper. And I guess he breaks up his stories by using the term anyway. Here we go. Anyway, the March Will be happening. It is happening right about now. Wonder how it's going. And the police did promise to, well, be in less amount of force this year, basically. What it is, is that they're going to have 1,500 less officers there to close down the rally this year. There's going to be no riot gear, no helicopters swooping in to tear up the place. And the cops tore up the place last year. Is that what they did? You know, I'll just tell the people that the cops are going to keep their fire hoses at home. I was looking for a phrase to say and that's the first thing that came to mind. Alright, let's move on. Yeah, that's basically it. So I hope the courts are happy and it will be their fault if something happens. Well, that's what I say, yeah. It's bound to be bad if there's black people there. Yeah, the doodle, the grease man here with the KKK dog. So it's the courts fault? Wow! Are you an American? Are you from this country? I can't believe you're more offensive than the grease man. Do you understand they do have the right to have this march? Yes, but it is American. Most people don't agree that he had the march, but it's up to the courts to defend that. Right. It's called freedom of speech, you idiot. I know, but Giuliani fought it. All I'm saying is that if they promote hate and violence, and that's what happened last year, why would the court... I want to promote hate and violence. I don't want anyone else promoting it. Why would the court allow history to repeat itself? Yeah, I agree. If it's brown, keep them down. That's what the grease man says. And the KKK dog. Alright, are we almost done with your commentary? I'm going to kick your right ass, mother. I'm going to kick your right ass. I didn't mean it for all blacks, I just meant people who follow his message. You know what? I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I just meant people who follow his message. Here he goes with his shovel. Digging deeper. All right, very good. I mean, all blacks. I'm friends with a lot of them. I'm friends with a lot of them. I like those people. I'm friends with those human beings. Yeah, don't deny it. How do I phrase it? I'm not a racist, but I'm not. All right, I got a hint for you. Apology tory. Apology tory. All right, let's move on with the giant mosquito. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. I'm going to kick your right ass. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Giant mosquito. They're convinced it's one mosquito and they're trying to find this one mosquito. No, what I meant was there's a bunch of mosquitoes under one breed. So it's a giant mosquito breed. What? Thanks to you know, he's going to say there's a bunch of chinks running away. Could you name all the different mosquito breeds? Yeah. I know, I can look at pictures of them. Yeah, pictures are good. I look at pictures. Whoa! Going on a centerfold pullout. Hi, listen, this gets really good. I'm going to have to let the tape ride. All right. Here we go. The giant mosquito in Queens killing people. Any way, what else is going on in Queens seems to be like instead of the flu bug we've got a mosquito going around killing people. Apparently it affects your immune system and your brain and it's called, I can't even pronounce pronounces a and so only do out and and and and and it's homer simpson everyone that did you figure out how to say that word i couldn't pronounce it try again uh... i needed to need to learn from the finance all right someone give him the word on the short in the newspaper uh... does laugh is all right i just started driving even and are you there times they are looking for the giant miss you know the story of the blood you up with the senate rick are eagerly looking for the giant mosquito story i can even pronounces a and some only to have a nice mosquito uh... i got it by the got the word i like i had spaz has a word in front of them third death feared from and separately this that's not just as many and said that it's you get your just a dispatcher of our kids and that's a good uh... bill was up and going on you know i'm trying to go down the front of the state you know i thought the big mosquito behind i got really scared sped up a few of the whole time and he just wowed me uh... i didn't believe it yet again k k k dot he said uh... i have to ask the queen we have a lot of other than that shot for a little shocking thank you bill and that's what we are let's get back into the uh... giant mosquito story and uh... it inflames the outer layer of your brain is that what happened the mosquitoes carrying in severe cases these are some of the symptoms you may get severe headaches muscle aches uh... high fever stiff neck disorientation then you go into a coma have a couple of tremors a convulsion or two then you're in paralysis and then could die coincidentally enough the same thing that happens when listening to kato you're going to get bit by this is the uh... scott hermits in here are our bonds scott have you been listening to uh... the audition tape of uh... k dog all are you missing all the fun today coherent uh... i'm not i'm a little scared to play for a desire that we we want our jobs we don't want you taken k dog and put them in our our time slot crying laughing so hard as to back today these are the symptoms that uh... people infected have been showing and so all throughout yesterday residents of queens would be sprayed with bugs right and i think that the residents of the the one where you know that there's spraying likes some sand and uh... stagnant pools of water and and and and brush not the people and you know it's a man don't think it is water running around with this brand for a big blizzard going out to the service of this for the dvd uh... there was a close set up with with uh... officers in like that you know outbreak suit and i had to cut they're like cutter and and off the risk for a people's they won't find a table as the picture i don't like that if i just like that if i just like you shine practice head open right now when i'd be charged with anything that would be a public service uh... scare is this is the only one of the uh... all of us i don't know if you like to and so all throughout yesterday residents queens were being sprayed with bugs right actually uh... there are ways to prevent yourself from getting hit with this mosquito is really and he tried to say and what's the word uh... and syphilis from the country uh... okay myself i swear to god and syphilis with back to you know that's what you're going to back to you it's still a giant mosquito at this point yes one large giant mosquito thank god this spring the residents of queen that's what you're about to break the record uh... in queens uh... we're long-sleeve shirts long pants socks went outdoors using second time to take the d e t and what the outdoor activity from best of all to remove water from cars and jars because that's where this gives letter eggs and you know settled water and check your home for tight fitting screens indoors much like the rules of uh... going out there in summer you know don't wear heavy clothing don't run hundred-degree heat this is common sense people follow it what you're telling people to follow common sense i am satisfied man it's common sense people follow it yes right let's move on here people should know these things anyway but of course we got more arms and t d and on the radio right now that's the only way over-preventing causes to do anyway are we going to get back to music and uh... we think it will actually with the rends more simple Haush tournaments fifth it was going to cut it in the post-war personalized with himself for textured Hey, Ricky, what's going on? Yo. What's up? Yeah, I just saw this giant mosquito. He made his way up to Harlem. He was giving Muhammad Khalid a rusty trombone, man. I tell you, it's the weirdest looking thing. This guy is just a dope, man. Get him off. Actually, no, he's hysterical. Man, this is great. Keep it up, guys. All right, Ricky. Take it easy. Bye. Patrick Mount Vernon saying, those infected can get a slight case of death. Well, we do have more. I can't wait to get more. Come on. Do you want a few more? Got to hear a little more. We have a sports break. Come on. Well, that's maybe where his strength comes in. All right, we should take a break, Anthony. I'm sweating. I've been laughing so hard. I started dry heaving. I haven't laughed that hard in years, K-Dog. Thank you. People saying, stop. I can't see. I'm laughing so hard. Please, please stop. All right, I think we'll play one last bit of K-Dog's radio audition tape after these. All right, Ant? All right. It's 1027WNEW. That doesn't sound so bad. 1027WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony and K-Dog in the studio. We're thrilled to have K-Dog here with us. You might know him as Faz. We've been going through his radio audition tape here. Yeah. I just can't get enough. It's like an accident. It is like a damn car wreck. I can't get enough. The people just speaking out in droves here. We'll be instant feedback. Joe from the Bronx. I guess I had some advice for Faz. Welcome to McDonald's. K-Dog here. Drop a dime. Let me know how I can help you. from this concert. I'm going to stab myself in the ears with a sewing needle. Then somebody else I guess wondering what you meant about what breed of mosquito is spreading what? What's the disease? Let me get the word out. Encephalitis. That was close. Encephalitis. There you go. Encephalitis. Whatever. I said a breed of mosquito. What's he talking about? What breed of Down syndrome does he have? I have terminal dementia. I have terminal dementia. I have terminal depression and I'm laughing my ass off. I feel better for myself because life could be worse. I could be spaz. Jeremy. Michael from Glendale, Queens on the instant feedback. My cab driver, Mohammed Moubique Jambou, Minko Kertisman didn't charge me for the ride because he was laughing so hard. He can't believe how bad K-Dog speaks. There you go. I think we've got the last part of his audition tape here. Joe, what's going on real fast? I've got to tell you guys, listening to Spaz explain himself is even funnier than listening to the tape itself. Oh my Lord. Spaz, you're an idiot. You're just an idiot. No problem. Thank you. This disc has to go on your greatest hits tape, guys. Watch out for that giant mosquito if you're in Queens. Oh, got him. Definitely. I think we're moving into a sports break here. He's coming out of music. He's excited. He's in the middle of his radio show and here we go with K-Dog's radio audition tape. Yeah, I am the super beast, K-Dog here in the US. You are 6th Sunday on the college radio. Pulling number 633-CD-69 to CD for compact disc and 69 for someone's lucky number every seconds according to statistics. What? Oh my God. What? What were you trying to say there? That's another catch coin phrase I had in college. I said, our last four... Wait, wait, wait. All right, you have some of these wacky catch phrases. What's the first one when you want someone to call you at your radio show? Drop a dime and let me know what's on your mind. Okay, and what's your second one? The other one is that the last four numbers of our station number is 2369. So I say CD-69, a CD for compact disc, 69 for someone's lucky number every seven seconds according to statistics. Certistics. I think you said statistics, but... And what does that mean? Somebody's in a 69 every 23 seconds? No. Every seven seconds someone is supposedly having sex. So what does that have to do with 69? 69 is a sexual position. Yeah, but does that mean that everybody having sex is still in a 69? They could be, if they're lucky. That's deep. Rob, what's up? I just spotted a giant mosquito flying over Flushing. Hundreds of Japanese people are taking movies of it. In fact, here comes Monsignor now. Monsignor is doing some skyriding saying that Spaz is a jerk. Oh, and now here comes Godzilla. Oh, wow, it's spraying DGT out of his jet. I can't believe that the people are going nuts. Just find one of those men that is walking around spraying people with bug spray. You'll be okay. Later. Thanks, Rob. Holy cow. All right, let's go. We've got to move on to other stuff on the show today. We've wasted an hour and a half on this already. Statistics, I should say. Anyway, I keep forgetting to turn that off every time I play it on that CD. Station equipment, got to get it fixed. Anyway, looking at the equipment. And the Mets lost last night a heartbreaker on the 10th, 5-2 against the Rockies as the Bull Plungers blew it. The Mets actually last month were in first place in the Eastern Division of the National League. But then that's a window because Atlanta won a 10 game win streak. There's an up blow. So then the Mets respect the 4-1-1. That blows. I got to get it back. You got to get a lot of credit. You know the sports. That blows. I say that all the time. When my Giants lost, that blows. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I can't even speak. I can say it. The idiot's got the words spelt out right in front of him. One of the few diseases that are spelt phonetically. No wonder I got so far in radio. Mushmouth over here. He's got a kid in the business. There's probably some poor sap somewhere in the Midwest. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. He's got a kid in the business. There's probably some poor sap somewhere in the Midwest. Got a booming voice. Sounds like a testicle to a size of a happening apps. Could be doing voiceover, making millions of dollars. Never got a chance to go on the radio. And we got a Swiss cheese head. He's got a kid. He's got a kid, ragged. The man's losing his heart. It is a heartbreaker. I'm ready to quit the business. I'm going to become a speech therapist. Might as well. What the hell? If this tool could be a DJ, it'd be a bad guy. That's right, Doc. I'm hanging out with the dogs, Mad Dog and K-Dog. Mad Dog and the K-Dog. I'm the fan. Can you remember that, the fan? There's the K-Dog on the, hey, where the hell am I? I got a fan. All right, we're in the middle of K-Dog's sports break here. Mad Dog. What next, Martian soccer? What are you going to comment on? Something on this planet? Or your home planet of Patooine? Where the hell are you from? You're a freaking alien. It's gotta be, can't be from Earth, listen to him. He's from the same planet that brings you the giant mosquito. Giant mosquito? It's a big swarm of mosquitoes, you freaking idiot. I'm going to sell this one mosquito, a derby and a cigar sticking out of his mouth. Routed people for change. Him and his partner in cephalitis, the black guy. Mad Dog, would you like to hang for this sports break? No, I would like to listen to his sports expertise. All right, here we go. We got an expert in the studio to help you further along here, K-Dog, with your radio audition tape. ...the National League, but then that's the window because Atlanta won a 10-game win streak. There's an up-blow. Another match is stuck in four and a half years behind as they play the Rockies tonight, actually. A ladder going against Bohannan. And the Yankees lost, dropped one to the Angels 8-2. And Andy Pettit having a really tough season this year. I hate the Yankees, so I'd really give a rat's patoot. He doesn't like the Yankees. He's telling everyone he doesn't like the Yankees, Anthony. I despise them. But that's his strategy. He figures he doesn't like the Yankees, so he's not going to let anybody hear about how the Yankees did, so he'll lull them off to sleep with his delivery. Anyway, I hate the Yankees, so I'd really give a rat's patoot. That's it. They get a steal from the Yankees. But my picks are still the match to win the Eastern Division. For the Central, I would have to say Houston. And for the West, I'm going with Arizona. For the American League, I want Boston. It's not going to happen, but I'll pull for him anyway. Boston for the American League East. Cleveland to Central. And I'm pulling for Oakland for the West. And for the Wildcars, I say the National League. Cincinnati will get it. And I'm thinking that the American League, I'm going to have to say Texas. So I'm going with the top Yankees and Braves are not going to make the pennant race. Call it an outside limb. I know people who know. Calling an outside limb? I accidentally used two phrases in the same juncture. What were you trying to say? You're basically saying that the Yankees and Braves are not going to be in the playoffs, right? I was going out on a limb. Do you realize this is all going out on a limb and there's an outside chance? That's what I was trying to say. I thought you were going on a whim. Oh, you could go on a whim. Out on a whim. I used two phrases at the same time. All right, so the Yankees and Braves are not going to make the playoffs. I realize there's only like three weeks left in the season and they're pretty much going to make the playoffs. Miracles do happen. Yeah. I don't want the Braves to make the playoffs. The only one didn't happen right here. I know people knocking on the door, pounding on the door saying, What is up with you, K-Dog? My friends, they've hit me over the head with papers and other crap just because of comments they made about the baseball situation. That's what I'm saying. There's nothing to do with baseball. The Yankees and Braves will not make it to the final race. You know, the time is up, I think. I think it's time for the match and the Indians can move on in the World Series. Jesus. Anyway, so that's the case with baseball. But as it stands now, some of my predictions are true, some are not, but we'll see. Anyway, later in Liberty, they're a game behind in the WNBA playoffs and we'll see how that goes in the future. But we've got one last song set to go. Mastradamus. In the future. He's making predictions. It's Mastradamus. He's one of my quatrains. All right. All right. And we're going to kick it off with a little bit of butthole servers. But I'll put the boys there in a second. Anyway, we're going to be getting back to more music. Here is the butthole servers. Ooh. Any little spice to your afternoon snack downstairs with Peppa. Here at WRC, 6 a.m. on the College Radio. 6 or 3, 2, 3, 6, 9. How was the hell of a sports break? You've got to give them credit. For a friggin' retard team to be able to say things like Yankees, Atlanta. You've got to give them credit. Obviously, it doesn't have a brain. Obviously, there's nothing in there. All right. We have finally reached the last break of K-Dog's radio show. Here it is. He's wrapping up his little show here. Don't go away mad. Anyway, speaking of going away, it's K-Dog and it's about time for me to go back to the kennel, so to speak. You've got to turn off the CD player again. Yeah. As I go off to the kennel. I like that. Back to the kennel. Back to the kennel. That's cute. Please have this dog destroyed. Back to the gas chamber. You should be euthanized. Can't take it. All right. Let's wrap this up. Right back to the kennel. It was Motley Crue with Don't Go Away Mad before that was Offspring with The Kids Aren't Right. That explains why I'm so screwed up in the head. Anyway, up next is Hellspawn. He'll keep up with this rock and metal format. He'll play his favorite metal and rock tunes here on WICR 6 and AM. Don't forget about our WICR big-ass bash week one, week from tonight, as a matter of fact. Kick it off at 8 p.m. and Old Duel's just around the corner on North Avenue. That's right. Old Duel's on North Avenue. 615 North Avenue to be exact. We'll be having a party there all night long. All night long. It's 21 to enter. It's 18 to enter. 21 to drink. I'm sorry. Anyway, time for me to go. Wait, did you say 21 to enter? 18 to drink? I almost said that. Old Duel's on North Avenue. 615 North Avenue to be exact. We'll be having a party there all night long. It's 21 to enter. It's 18 to enter. 21 to drink. I'm sorry. Anyway, time for me to go. And, wow. Anyway, I'll be back again one week from today. Kick it off again at 4 o'clock with more of your favorite tunes. Keep the requests rolling in at 6332369 and I'll see you next week. Here's my final song as I head out. No pun intended. Here's Guns N' Roses with Night Train. Wait, wait, why would head out be a pun? A pun with the song. You know, I'm heading out on the night train. Here he goes, heading out. There goes K-Dog. Back to the kennel. On the night train. Well, that was... Mike, what's up? Mike? Somebody tell Spaz it's butthole surfers, not butthole servers. Where are we? An ounce of pronunciation. You have an ounce of talent. One ounce of talent. Well, maybe I'll... Answer in the phone. Maybe Spaz is a butthole server. You see, one guy likes your catchphrase, just drop a dime and Spaz will enter from behind. Frank, what's up? Dude, how long was the umbilical cord wrapped around his throat? For God's sake. Lucky he made it, I guess. Hey, and the Yanks and the Braves aren't going to make it to the pennant race. What are they in right now? Come on. They ain't going to make it. They're not going to make it into the playoffs. No, he said they're not going to make it into the pennant race. Exactly. I screwed up, all right? I'm at the playoffs. Look at... I'm exhausted. I'm exhausted. Jeff, what's up? Yo, what's going on, guys? Yo, could you please neuter the K-Dog so he can't breathe? Jesus Christ. This is worse. My IQ is through the f***ing floor. I've been here drooling over myself. I'm wearing my f***ing hockey helmet. Oh, look, dude, you can't say the F word. You can't curse. We had a dumb buddy twice, but we get your point. Thank you, man. Thanks, guys. All right, bye. See you. Mike, what's up? Well, I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I just don't get it. You guys are the best. All right, dude, thank you. Bye. Some guy wrote a whole news story about how the giant mosquito killed a giant mosquito. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I don't know if you've heard of it. I just don't get it. You guys are the best. All right, dude, thank you. Bye. Some guy wrote a whole news story about how the giant mosquito infiltrated the million man youth march while Mohammed Khalid was performing the rusty trompe on Reverend Al. Oh my God. You make Stuttering John sound brilliant. I swear to God. Wow. This is more disturbing than Robert De Niro's Rupert Pupkin character in the fake talk show in the King of Comedy. Oh, that movie is great. Andy, what's up? You guys, you might as well quit after today because you're never doing anything funnier than this. You guys are the best for your best bit ever. This could be the funniest stuff I've ever heard. Ever. Thank you, Andy. Ladies and gentlemen, Kevin from the Bronx, that sports report by Spaz was the most back-ass effing stupid attempt at sounding smart. The Rangers have practically clinched for the playoffs and there's no effing way the Yanks or the Braves will not make the playoffs. Shoot him. Shoot him now. That's why I said I was hoping for Boston. It's not going to happen, but I pulled for him anyway. What is the Yankees going to get in a plane crash? Are you hoping for a plane crash at this point? It could happen. Al, what's up? Hey, maybe the Mosquito is going to eat the Yankees. They won't make the playoffs. You might get one of those electronic shock collars for the carry dog so you guys can zap his ass. Yeah, we'll put up one of those fences where you put the wire in the ground so the dog just stops right at your property. The invisible fence? The invisible fence. Scott, what's up? Hi, I'd like to offer Span the job in my area of expertise. I'd like him to come out of my clock every hour and go, go, go, go, go. He's an idiot. What's the matter with him? Well, as I read here, OP, breaking news off the AP, the New York Air National Guard announced the two of its F-16s are just down what they believe to be a giant mosquito. They say they used a DDT-laden Queen's resonance trap to a sparrow missile. Spaz, stick to Morse code. That's James from Queens. Well, Spaz, there you have it, your demo tape. That was the fastest hour and a half ever. Ever. Great job. Next time, now that wasn't the polished version. No, that was my very rough draft. Maybe next time we'll get a polished version where you throw in some bumpers and stuff. Can we bring you back in a couple weeks to see how you've progressed? Okay, that'd be great. I have to lay down. My head hurts. We've got to find some Tylenol. I've got to lay down. All right. Wow. Mark, what's up? Hey, I want to know how Spaz got off of Charlie Lewis' telethon to do that sports report. I'm not having a good time. I'm pissing. Thank you, Mark. You guys are great, man. All right, bye. See you. Bye. Tonight's report, the giant mosquito has been plaguing Queens. Obviously, this first reported by a crack news reporter, K-Dawg, on the radio station once in five seconds, as he so eloquently put it. Even I, Tom Brokaw, can't speak very well, but I can say encephalitis. It's the worst of Opie and Anthony. So pay attention, handsome. 1027, WNEW. Hopefully, you guys have recovered at least a little bit as we continue on with the worst of... If you've never heard that before, again, that's... We just call it Spaz Radio because it's just incredible. Probably one of the funniest things we've ever done here since we've been at NEW. Anyhow, it's the worst of Opie and Anthony. If you have any suggestions, we've got some time left in today's show. If you want to hear 2127571027, you can fax them in at 212957WNEW or Instant Feedback, getting a ton of feedback off the Instant Feedback on the Internet. So if you've got any suggestions for today's worst of, and if I've got time, I'll definitely try and squeeze it in. Yeah, COS, we're going to do some COSBY, by request. DICE, when DICE is in the studio, by request coming up in just a little bit. And also, Lord Mike Tyson. All right? That's all on the way, including some other cool stuff. So hang tight, enjoy, and here's some Ronald Reagan, some of the latest news from his illness, the worst of ONA. Do you like any of this crap? It's the worst of Opie and Anthony, 10170WNEW. Well, we've got some sad news. This whole Reagan story is just getting more and more tragic every day. It's pretty interesting. Every couple of months, he's back in the news, and boy, they just haven't found that cure where he's perfect and then fine again. No, and they're not going to. It's just a matter of time at this point. Well, Alzheimer's disease has robbed Ronald Reagan of his ability to speak. He can't even talk now? Now he can't even talk. He's just slowly but surely deteriorating, and now he has lost his voice, the ex-president of the United States, but he can still smile. Oh, great. Okay, let me get this straight. He goes from finger on the button, power to destroy all mankind. That's when I was in high school. Yeah. To it's an accomplishment that he's smiling. Right. Great. Great. Life rules. Jesus Christ. I try to visit every couple of weeks, and we found he likes my bright red fingernails, Reagan's oldest daughter, Marine, says. Great. And this week's Newsweek, he looks at those nails and we get a big smile from the man. A big smile. That's great. Well, anyway, it's our lucky day once again. I don't know how he's going to speak because the Alzheimer's has robbed the ex-president of his ability to speak. Yeah, supposedly he can't even speak. So, I mean, how are we even going to do this phone call? I hear he's on line five right now. Mr. Reagan. Mr. Reagan. Hey, Mr. Reagan, are you there? Hello? There he is. Hello? Hey, they said you can't speak. Yes, I'm sorry. The phone was ringing and I answered the cat. No. Come on. That'll hurt. No, no. Old Ron can still talk. Well, the papers are saying you cannot speak anymore because of the Alzheimer's. No, I just want to know if you can speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. I can't speak. Well, we're giving That's so wrong. I hit like a Casaba melon on a body only Karen Carpenter could want. Ah, come on! God damn it. Thank God for Alzheimer's. Sometimes I forget I even banged the broad. Hey, I'm a little leprechaun and I'm on Jupiter. Hello? Yeah, where are you at? Yes, Mr. Gorbachev. Tear off those clothes. I always hated that damn spot on his head. He'd be talking missiles and ICBMs and I'd be like, Jesus Christ, it's shaped like Nancy's big fat ass. Mr. Gorbachev, wash your head, you loosey. Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack, all dressed in black. I ate my cufflinks and I'm a foghorn. Hello? Hello? Yeah, we're here, Mr. Reagan. What's up? Here comes Nancy. I'd better start drooling or I may have to stick it to that praying mantis balloon head bitch. You know, sometimes I wake up screaming, just screaming. I dream her huge head is calling me and wants sex. God damn it, I'd rather... I wouldn't do her with Bonzo's song. Oh my God, my ice cream's melting. Yes, and it's all warm. And it's in the back of my pants. And it stinks. Chocolate. I'm a little teapot short and stout. Here's my handle and, well, my spout is soft all the time. Look, my hands run backwards. Once Barbara Bush hobbed my knob. What? She hobbed your knob? Who? Barbara Bush. She did? That's what you just told us. Who? You. I said what? That old hag, you. I love Alzheimer's. I don't have to be responsible for anything. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh, what's wrong? Here comes that friggin' Maureen. That daughter of mine with those goddamn nails. Well, it says in the paper you really like her red nails. Why would they think that? I don't know. That's what she said, I guess. Oh, the reason I'm smiling is because I remember banging 20-year-old Hollywood starlets with nails like that. I miss that hosebag. She used to tickle my prostate with those nails. Oh yeah? Now my prostate looks like a pineapple. As does Nancy's big head. Excuse me, could you do something? Yeah, what? I'll send the secret service away. Shoot me. Would you please shoot me? It can't be that bad. I'm sitting in my own crap. And Nancy's huge head keeps peeking in on me like some distorted Marty Gruff load. I was going to say, does it still look like a Pez dispenser? It still. My God. What? It's awful. And if she thinks I could talk, she tries to have sex with me. Well. So you have to go down below there? Oh my God. The only thing more horrible than her head is that gas. You should see it. It's like nothing I've ever seen. Well, what does it look like? The horror. The horror. Just as empty cavernous dried out holes. Man. Nothing. Avoid the vacuum. Here she comes. Keep walking, Twiggy. What does the gas look like though? Is she nice and trim down there? You're a glutton for punishment. Trim, who could tell? It's all gone white. Falling out. She's bald down there. Oh yeah? And at the top it off she's got that stain that Gorby had. God. It's all just a mess. I'd rather not talk about it. Okay. Well, I didn't write any material. You just said you were going in that direction. Perhaps I'd have an answer. Well, I figured you were flowing that you might be able to go there, Mr. Reagan. No, I'm not flowing. No. Neither is she. I can't even do this wrong impression with the sore throat I am. No, that sounds fine. Yes. Okay. Do you have any other jokes, Mr. Reagan? Let me look. Oh, not a one. That's about it, huh? Yes. All right. I'd better go now. Okay. Godspeed. Tear down that wall. All right. There he is, everyone. What? Now, there he goes, the ex-president of the United States of America, Mr. Reagan. President Reagan, everyone. The worst, dubbed Opie and Anthony. 1027. WNEW. We got the Cos in the studio. The Cos. And also live from LA, it's Jay Moore. Jay. First weekly visit. What's up, Jay? I don't know how Cos could be in the studio when he's here at my house. Oh, really? Yeah. Where is he? Put him on the phone. Well, he's in the other room. Cos. Put him on the phone. Hold on. Hold on. Pick up the noise. Now, I would like to talk to you about my penis. Now, you take your hand and you place it on my butt. And you begin to stick it forward. And it feels good. That is great to get. And then it flies. And then it flies. And then it flies. And then it flies. And then it flies. And then it flies. It seems to cause him a little bit of trouble there. No. What's up, man? Lachelle Covington, 20. That's been a rumor about Cos for a long time. What, that he likes grabbing girls' hands and shoving them down his pants? Yeah. That's great. Did you read the story in LA, Jay? No. Oh, there's a- Sleeping to what? I'm still on comic time. I'm sleeping to one. Oh, that's a great story. Lachelle Covington, she's been on the Cosby show a few times. Lachelle. It's Lachelle. Lachelle. I don't know how to pronounce these names. Lachelle. I think it's Ricky Lake with that name. Lachelle. Lachelle. It's Ricky Lake name. Yeah, she's been on the- Lachelle, when did you and Rat Tattooing know Latrine was the Breeze baby? Well, then I talked to Listerine. Hold on, Kaluat. It's Portia's turn. Lamondula. Amphorne, please. Amphorne. Amphorne. What was the thing? Well, she's an actress. She's been on the Cosby show, but she hasn't had speaking parts on the Cosby show. I wonder why. Well, she went to Cos' little house there, his little pos- Townhouse. To his townhouse to get some acting advice. Acting advice on the Cos. That seems a little strange right there. That's the best. She goes to his house for a little acting advice. She's a whoa. Well, she filed a police report saying the beloved comedian put her hand under his t-shirt and guided it south toward his sweatpants. That's a crime? Well, to the farm. What law did he break? You see, the penis is below the belt line. So I wanted her to touch my penis. I put your hand on my belly, boy. I was hoping it would not stay where I put it. What law did he break? I was guiding her hand toward what I like to call fat Albert. Well, sometimes when I drink too much, it's dumb Donald. Fat Albert and then the Cosby kids hanging right below him. I like to call my left nut Rudy and my right nut Bill. Rudy hangs a little lower because he's sad about being below fat Albert. If you stroke Rudy just right, the next thing you know fat Albert starts tripping and sizzling. And all the time. I'm not a little girl. And Jay, I think Cosby wanted to play what's in my pants. Yeah, really? I say Polak was an afro, widely shamed and she dates a fireman because it has a brass knob. And what law did he break? Well, according to the Manhattan District Attorney's Office, they decide no crime had been committed. She pulled her hand away and at that point, before that point, it was a consensual little circumstance. So the cops never questioned Cosby. However, the story gets better there, Jay Moore. And now she's going to sue him. In the upcoming issue of the National Enquirer, Covington's relatives are quoted saying Cosby went further grabbing her breast, trying to put his hand down her pants and exposing himself to the young actor. If that's the case, there's crimes going on on a daily basis right here in this studio. I think it's alarming. If you and I think of the same thing, like a 60% clip, and it's like 50-50 who gets it out for it. It's alarming. You want to hear more of the police report because it is pretty funny. But I don't understand what, putting a woman's hand on your belly. Putting a woman's hand down your pants. You know how many times, you know what my trick was when you didn't think you were getting anywhere? Yeah. This works, guys. Any guy listening, this is a great one. There we go. More advice. Batten down the hatches. More advice. MOHR advice. Hey, come on, it's the guy that came up with, I made two cousins kiss, don't forget. Absolutely. We'll never forget it. All right, when you're in the car making out, and you're touching breast, and you're not sure what's going to happen, and you just, you know, you could sit there till five in the morning making out. Yeah. You don't want that. Yeah. I mean, time, expedition is the key. You want to be expeditious in the process of getting laid. Right. You're making out, and when you feel, don't just do it like right off the bat. You got to get it like hot and heavy. You touch the breast, weaken the nipples a little. Then you take out, it's got to be erect, gentlemen. Don't take out the acorn. Take out the rod. And you just let them see it. You say, what are we going to do about this? When they see it, sometimes when they see it, it's like, ah, they can't help it. They're at least going to touch it out of curiosity because they can't believe you. The worst thing that's going to happen is they're going to kick you out of the car. And then who wants to do it anyway? That's a problem, though. What are we going to do about this? Yeah, look, you know what that thing will do? You're like, oh my God, look how excited you get me. It's like it's a compliment. That's a brave move, Jay. That is a bold move, man. I'm telling you it works because when they see it, well, not Rick because he's an egg roll, but when they see most nice, handsome, circumcised penises, but you know, they like penises. But if Rick takes out an egg roll, they're going to be like, I don't know about that one there. When you peel it yourself and get back to me. I love the girls in the car. You're making out with them and stuff and you want to go for patch and they have all those karate moves preventing you from getting down there. I didn't realize their arms could move like that. Yeah, that's like they do the special. I've been on the road. What are we going to do about this? Now, here's a question. At about 1 15 a.m. What are we going to do about my arachnidus? It looks like a jello pudding pop on there. Oh, there you go. Oh, it's a treat it like one. Phil Farn and Phil. Rudy never minded putting the hand down in the closet's pants during the cotton. Little Rudy. What a great story in the paper. Why did a six year old girl have a mustache? Is Rudy out of little dirty Sanchez going? I can't believe a 65 year old man trying to get posse is news. It's a 20 year old chick and he's like putting his hand down. What else can you do when you're worth a billion dollars and you're 65 years old? I think he could be a little smoother than that though. He's in his swag townhouse in his big, stinky Cosby sweatpants. With his big belly. Repeat the first part of your sentence. He's in his posh townhouse. Yeah, she came to him. Yeah, that's true. I mean, you know what though? If he probably would have had just a tad more class, it would have worked. Like, like, kiss her on the mouth. I don't know. I don't know what to move it, but I don't think it's grab her hand and put it in your pants. Yeah, Jay, what's the move? I told you what the move is. You make out, fully erect, take it out. What are you going to do about it? Stroke yourself and say, look how excited you make me. What are we going to do about it? Crazy. Look at this. Oh my God, I'm in pain. I'm in pain. What are we going to do about this? It just sounds like a problem. It's so funny. What are we going to do? Oh, look at this. I got to take this back to the shop. What are we going to do about this? No, then you start doing it yourself and they're like, then they feel stupid that they're just sitting there watching you masturbate. Well, you know what? It's powerful hockey. Take it from the man. Brilliant. Brilliant move. Nobody's going to try that move. It's funny, he's going to try it on his girlfriend, like where he doesn't even have to try it. We'll be like making out tonight and just take it out and be like, oh, what are we going to do about this? Put that away. You're disgusting. What are you talking about? I'm going to try the what are we going to do about this line. I encourage all our listeners to try the what are we going to do about this. Let us know how it works. It's got to be like, oh my God, you're in so much pain because it's out of your pants. Hold on. This girl, Kelly says this trick works. Is she? I'm going to put you on the table. Your hand is strong. Kelly. Yeah. Hi, what's up? Lovely. Great. It does work. Really? When you see a good looking penis, you want to take care of it. It is so true and I can tell you from my experience, it's very true. It has happened many times. From the way you're talking, it sounds like you're doing one right now. Actually, right now, I'm on my way to work. I'm going to be like deep **** with my voice. Watch that curse word. Sorry, but I'm really- No cursing. You can't curse. Kelly, Kelly, what are we going to do about this? I don't know. I have to come visit. I guess it has to be in the same room, right, Jay? It works better when you're there with the person. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Why does it work? Is it because you see it and you're already excited and the sight of it makes you want to do something about it? If you're making out for like five hours and you haven't done that yet, you're in serious problems, okay? But I'm thinking after an hour of making out, you should be doing it by then, okay? Or less than an hour. When you see it fully erect, you almost feel guilty for the- If the guy starts stroking it himself, you're going to be like, all right, get out of the way. Let me do it. No, not right away. I've been talking to him for a while. Just joke it up. I'm going in. It works though. All right, Kelly, thank you. You're welcome. Well, look at that. How drunk was that girl? This girl Joanne says that your trick works. One more lady that says the G-movie trick works. You know, you guys didn't believe me when I unveiled the trick. No, I didn't. That's a ballsy move. Joanne. Hello. Hi. All right, Jay, that trick has worked so many times on me it's not even funny. Wow. You know, tell everybody. So many times. Your uncles are going to start pulling it out. So what? You're making out with a guy, you're getting hot and heavy, he pulls out his junk and says, what are we going to do about it? And it works for you. And let me tell you, it's like, okay, I'll be a good girl tomorrow. Wow. You know, you go along, you're going to say, you're saying I'm going to behave myself. No, this is not going any further. I'm going to remake calm. We're just going to end the night nicely. I'm going to be good. I'm going to be. He takes it out. And the next thing you know, it's just irresistible. That's right. It's a beautiful fight. It truly is. Some filth and flog. They see it. See, guys don't realize that it's actually an attractive thing to women. It is a weapon. Well, that was a storyline episode 54 when I taught Theo that trick. Pulled out his stuff. Filth and flog. Put your hand down. The big sweaty sweat bands of the cause. Filth and flog. I applaud the cause. I think if you're a billionaire and you worked as hard as he has, as long as he has, and a girl comes to your house, and you put her hand on your belly, your big old belly. Oh my God. Take care of some business. I think he's done nothing wrong. And I think this country's gone bananas. Where do you draw the line between sexual harassment and trying to get laid? What if he's trying to get laid? Yeah, but you know something? She came over to your house with for acting advice. She honestly knew what the deal was. I'm just saying a little more cooth. Maybe she didn't right away want to plunge down at his 60 year old. Cooth? Why do we poor guys need cooth? Melted Turkish Caffeine Nuts. A billion dollars, you don't need cooth. You pull down your pants and go, hey, play with this. I'm worth a billion. I own the little rascals. I own the little rascals. I want you to grab my buckwheat. You need it. You need it. Look, my little stymie is right here. You guys have deteriorated to beyond belief right now. The Opium Anthony Show. Thank you. All righty, it's the worst of the Opium Anthony Show. And if you guys are looking forward to some great basketball action tonight, the NCAA tournament continues. The road to the Final Four. Mountain Dew, the official soft drink of the NCAA, wants to make sure you guys are listening, especially if you entered the contest for the big trip to Indianapolis the weekend of the Final Four championship. Giving that away on the 27th, so be ready to pack your bags. And don't forget to check out the Mountain Dew under the cap game at your local retailer. So do the deal with Mountain Dew and listen this week for your updates to find out who wins the contest and get to go to Indianapolis for the Final Four weekend giveaway. Anyhow, getting back to the worst of any suggestions, 212-757-1027. You can call it in or you can fact in 212-957-WNEW, the instant feedback. We've got it hooked up here in the studio. So if you're on your computer, you can send in some bits you might want to hear. We've got some time to get a couple in today and we have all day tomorrow. So we're going to have some more opportunities getting some of the stuff you guys are looking to hear on the worst of shows this week. Oh, and they will return on Monday. Ready to rock. So be ready for them when they get back. All right. But something by request, a lot of people have been asking for. Of course, we all know Anthony does a dead on Dice impression. And people have been asking about the time he was in the studio live, which happened about nine months ago. And hopefully he'll be coming back soon. But in the meantime, here it is when Dice met Dice on the worst of open Anthony. And now the worst of Opie and Anthony. One of the seven WNEW. Andrew Dice Clay. Entering with Anthony. Where is he? Well, there he is. He looks like he's nice. No, no, no, we'll explain. See, he's a bastard. He's an obnoxious bastard. OK, so who's the guy that does me? Do you? I don't think I'm going to do you. All right? You know, that's not bad. That's what you said last time I did you. That's what you said last time. The only that's an excellent. That's even that's almost better than me. The only difference between you and me is about 35 million. I hope you still got some of that. I got plenty of it. Yeah. That's why I could afford not to wear sleeves. What's the matter? Why are you tongue tied? My office is just again. I thought we were getting along. No, we are getting along. But we got to we got to have fun for the people in their cars going home that have been at work all day dealing with the Chinaman boss to listen to something. Well, OK, I got some clips of Anthony doing you. Yeah, let's hear some. You want to hear one? When he bad mouthed you. Why? Oh, I'd say he's very sensitive. I don't bad mouth. He does. It's an homage. I think it's an homage. What does that word mean? Can it? It means that he bad mouthed you. Yeah. What did you hear? You're playing Chuckles for 15 people. Oh, wait, I got it. That was my choice. And it wasn't Chuckles. It was laugh your balls off in Poughkeepsie. No, I Chuckles. I did two albums in front of 15 people. Yeah. Yeah. See? Dangerfields. But you know how many people bought those albums? How many? Yes, Jerkoff. A million. Take a guess. So you address me in the proper fashion. I'm not going to talk. All right. Well, I didn't mean anything by Jerkoff face. What did you mean? It's like a compliment. That's when you become friends. All right, asswipe. I can roll with that. See, that doesn't hurt me. No, I know. That's like a nice thing for you to say. You can wallow, wallow in your millions and you don't feel bad. Sony buddies could talk like that to each other, you see? Yeah. I don't call the farmer, you know, J.O. Face. He hasn't earned that from me yet. It's really late right away. Maybe me and you could do a show like doing my twin or something. Yeah. Or not as handsome. He could be the evil dice. He's got the goatee already. Yeah, you know what I mean? We do like a sitcom on some network that might have me. The handsome dice and the retarded dice. I guess you'll be playing the retarded dice there, Kenny. Oh, look. Look at this guy. What is with the hurt feelings all of a sudden? Come on. But Kenny, I found the clip you were talking about. Why? Let's hear it. I'm going to be at a lab. Do you crop your paints? Coincidentally enough in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Where'd that come from? No, what I like is coincidentally enough. Because that's another word I don't understand. Never said. That was never said, huh? So where are you performing this weekend? Only in your bedroom alone. Where are you performing? I perform here all week. Do you do stand-up comedy? No. Why would I want to travel the country? Why call you jerk-o-face? Staying in lousy hotels. Well, I stay in the best hotels. When you're done. Maybe back in 88. Huh? What now? Holiday in? Best dressed in? Little bit. Little bit. Little bit now. What's the matter? Now it starts coming your way. And the nice man gets a little pistol. Now, wait a minute. Huh? Maybe if you find your own personality, you can make a living doing stand-up comedy. Personalities. What do you mean you got a good personality? Let me hear you say that one. Huh? Say it. I don't understand what you're saying. You say to me, you got a good personality. Say that. Just say that. You got a good personality. Personality. What do you mean you got a good personality? Now, until you learn that, you really don't have the impression down. So I'll try it. I don't think people are going to pay to hear... You... That's not what I said. What you said, that's not what I said. I said personality. What do you mean you got a good personality? Now, I ask you, you got a good personality. That's not what I said. What I said is personality. Personality means you got a good personality. Guys, you're making no sense. No, that makes no sense. You babble. I'm hearing... I'm hearing babble. No, what you're saying makes no sense. What I'm saying is a statement. Why is that dead air on the air? Why aren't you talking now? Talk to me when I talk to you. Because I don't understand the word you're saying. Personality, you mean you're talking to yourself about personality? You see, now everybody driving in that car is explaining. Fuck, explain. They're going, I understand. How come Jerkoff face don't understand? Again with the Jerkoff face. I'll be on radio stations all over the country. I'll promote Anthony Jerkoff face. I can't even do an impression of you because I haven't heard you yet. I heard Opie. How do you not kill your parents? Jerkoff with the worst of Opie and Anthony. 107 WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony and Andrew Dice Clay and Kenny. Love you, Kenny. I hear you. So, you want to talk to some folks there, Dice? It's up to you. What the hell? Let's go. John, what's up? What's up, John? You guys are great. Dice man, I love you, but Anthony, man... What? What, are you a pussy? What? You're making fun of him for like a week and a half. Now you can't say... It's not making fun. It's talking. It's a parody and I'm going to let it go. Oh, come on, talking. What did I do? Let this guy talk. What did he say that I should get mad at? Because I don't get mad. Wait a minute. I don't get mad. So, tell me. All right. I'll... Well, we got some... It's usually, all right. Hey, I sold out Madison Square Garden, huh? They haven't called since, but I sold it out in record time. All right? You know, stuff like that. The imitation... It's nothing personal, Dice. No, it's very flattering. You're a character. You know? You're a character. It's like I'm a walking cartoon. I don't say it, right? It's like I'm not even human. I don't... I'm a cartoon to you. Right. I'm a few laughs for you. I'm not around and you can just say whatever you want. That's what this guy's saying. You know, now I'm glad to hear you say it. Who is he to call up and look to start a problem, you know, between me and you? Yeah, you, Jacob. Huh? I don't understand this guy. What's wrong with these beats? Everybody's looking for a beating. Well, I got more examples of Anthony. Let me hear some. Ah, Christ. Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. I ain't been funny since 86. Now, that isn't even true. Now, that isn't true. Now, wait a minute. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. See, that was done with computer generation. Look at me. If we went to court of law, what was your answer just now? That's not true. That was computer generated. Are you telling me now how you feel about me? As you, Anthony, for this person. First of all, tonight is a- I don't think you did the Rodney thing until maybe 87. So it's not even like logistically correct. It's 88. 88. Right, see? That's right. And you were hysterical. Mr. Clay, I got another example for you. Okay. Hey, this is Diceman. I used to be somebody, but now I can't even sell out a closet. Okay, now wait a minute. Now, when was that? That was before, Phil. Before I went to governors and saw a packed club of raving fans. Thunder March? Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Before- You see, I got forgiven because what he just said. What? What'd he say? Well, he said- Guys, you had disappeared for a while, okay? You had to- You- You know something, Anthony? I was a big fan. Shut your mouth. Kenny, when was the last special? HBO special. Assume the position. What- when did it air? Three years ago. Okay, what year was that? 96. Yeah, 96. Okay, you said 86. You said 86. Kenny, how many homes tuned in in 1996? 95%. Okay, who's tuning in for you if you go on TV, Anthony? Dice. Your parents? See, it wasn't Andrew Dice Clay. It was the Dice character. Oh, I get it. It's the cartoon. The cartoon guy. Okay, now it's all about- It's like Fred Flintstone or something. So you don't have another example, do you? Oh, sure. All right, Andrew Dice Clay, I'm available for weddings, bar mitzvahs, and sweet 16s. How did you know I was doing all this? And I'm not even bang the bull. Now, come on. How did you know I was doing- I'll try you, nice one. That must be a treat, huh? Hey, read the Torah, then come on. See, he's an instigator. I didn't say nothing, Mr. Clay. Look, Dice. You know what the funny thing is? You- You know what the funny thing is about this whole little thing with him? Yeah. That he's calling himself Andrew Dice Clay. And the other funny thing is- Is I'm gonna sue your- No, this is what I'm leaning up to. Don't get the punchline away. When you use somebody's name, it- Number one, like that's called like, um- What is that word? Infringement. Infringement, that's one. Defamation of character. That's two. Huh? So here comes another 35 million from the station that hired you. Now, we'll probably have to settle. You'll probably lose your job and be with the hot dog stand downstairs. But I'm still gonna love you, cause I know it's a go. Would you like another example? Okay, let's take another- Nah, you got one? Contrary to popular belief, the Diceman can read. Hey! Now wait a minute. I'm gonna hug you. Wait a minute now. Here, here. I'm gonna read out this, um- This educational magazine I'm looking at with a chick in a bikini called Stuff. And just the fact that I was able- Even though it's big letters, I was able to read that. Anthony, we are in Dice's Court of Law. Did I not read that word correctly? Yes, you did, Dice. And are you in fact the person that said that on that recording he just played? Yes or no, Anthony? It was taken out of context. Yes or no, Anthony? Did you say those words? Yes taken out of context. Yes or no, answer the question. Yes out of context. Okay. He can actually- You know what? Since it's out of context, why don't you play us a little more? I sold out Madison Square Garden. Hey, we got the Olive Garden checking in. I think they got a spot for you. Is this the Olive Garden? Yeah, this is the Olive Garden. How you guys doing over there? All right, do you want to talk to Dice? Yeah, I'd like to speak to the Diceman. Hey, Olive Garden, what's your problem? We want to know if you could sell out a table of four. Table of four? Are you insulting me? Are you insulting me? You don't think I could sell out a table of four? Let me tell you something. Last week I was at Burger King, 15 people. So don't tell me about a table of four. What time? All right, Olive Garden. All right, peace. Bye. Hey, call me. You think I'll call? Wait a minute, man. I can use the case. Look. Wait a minute. He calling himself Dice again. Kenny, that's another 35. I'm keeping track. Now, wait a minute. This is all done in a spirit of fun and laughter. And I'm going to laugh when I see what the hot dogs say. I'm going to come up, I'm going to go, hey, Anthony, look at you now. See, yeah, shower crowd on that bun, all right? And now I'm going to go, Anthony, do me a little. Do me a little. Say you're me again. That's what I'm going to say to you. And then you guys are going to leave with me in a nice big stretch limo with the jacuzzi and the champagne in the back. We put on one of my house tapes. We get all licking up and crazy. And she'll be throwing my hot dog out the window. Look at this, Anthony. He does have the apple. And it does look like a zebra. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. I got a lot of personnel in Minka, Kaguragiz, I got personnel. Try that one, Anthony. You're listening to Anthony and Opie on WNEW 102.7 Pharma. And now the worst of Opie and Anthony. Your lowest common denominator. The worst of Opie and Anthony. Is there anything sadder? The worst of Opie and Anthony. Quick, change the channel. 107 WNEW. Sophie and Anthony and Andrew Dice Clay. All right, we want to take another call? Yeah, we could do that. Maybe you'd like to speak for me. That's what you're so used to with. All right, Mike, what's up? Let me ask Anthony when you're going to be playing my grandma's house. All right, that might have been a club that came up in conversation. Oh, wait, we got another thing here about my grandma's house. Well, we got a few more. Oh, come on. I thought we were through this. I'll put your ashes off up in Poughkeepsie. How many people? I just left in my sack, Cade Dean. They're all alone now, Anthony. He would make up comic clubs. That is a field. Look. He would make up comic clubs that you'd be appearing in. Come on. Is that what it is? Yeah, now look. I don't think the cartoon's going to play anywhere. We see... No, let me be straight. We see the Diceman 1988. Buster opened the scene. Rodney Dangerfield special. Like, you break. Huge. To become the biggest comic ever in history. That's what you're saying. Right, huge. So how do you keep that level? You can't. I rest my case. I know. I take a verdict from the jury. But then... No, I'm done. I'm done with the case. We can take the next call now. But then what? I didn't do enough for you. No! I just think you've been coming out with plenty of material because of me. Exactly. See, you reach a huge place. You're not a good performer to try other things in a career. Of course. I mean, I did about 900 arenas. How many should I do to make you happy? The bit is, your attitude is still like, I'm good medicine square garden. I'm the biggest selling comedian of all time. It's fact. I got... I know. But that's the bit. Is that the bit? Yeah. Oh, okay. Your honor. Well, Mr. Clay. Mr. Clay, I got an example of Anthony trying to come up with new material for your act. Oh, okay. All right, let's hear this. Do you have any new material before you leave Dice? All new stuff. I do new rhymes. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Let's hear one of your new rhymes. You're Bill Clinton and Monica. It's funny stuff, huh? Yeah. Number one. Let's talk. You're wetting your pants over there. Oh, I'm wetting my pants. All right. Number one, it's a Linda Tripp poem. So you got that wrong. All right. So now you'll be smerching my material. Be smerching? Tripp poem. I don't know what that word means. I'd be smerching. Understand? When I do the Linda Tripp poem, they'll be calling you and going, why did you not do the Linda Tripp poem? You were just making something up. Weren't you? Perhaps that will happen. That's the way it's going to come down. Yeah. See, I didn't want to get into this. Oh, he's all keeping him and Rick, caught in all the stuff. Obviously, I don't know how much you're drunk. But get into it. It's your life. Dice, the people get a big... I don't know how this woman lives with you. People get a big kick out of it. You walk around the house and go, honey, cook me some eggie. You know, now it's time to go... You know, I'm going to take the dog out for a good, good, good, good play. That's exactly it. And I'm not going to be impersonal. You mean you're going to keep saying, I'm personal. I don't even know what that is. Exactly, because that takes true talent to figure that out. Say it. I can't. I can't. I don't even know what you said. Then you will be asked that in the court of law. Personality, you mean you're going to get to your personal? Because until you can do that, this lawsuit will be pending. Dice, remember, I was the one who helped you out. Now, remember... Now, wait a minute. You're in it too. Okay, I'm going to get you out of this little, you know, 10 by 10 room. Believe me. You'll be traveling around with me, club soda, and I'll be happy face, have a couple laughs. Mary? I said, Mary. Oh, okay. Bring the broods and bite a dozen. You're going to have to unload this chick. I'm sorry. I mean, nice girl and everything, but they're all over the place. Tell me toilet paper. There you go. I went to it. I don't know why you had to start all this, man. What? I was just... I have a little bit of fun. See, but the only thing is that in his favor, is that he does a good impression. Oh, thank you. Probably the best I've heard. He does... Thank you. He does many others, by the way. Who else you do? I can't remember now. Who else you do? Charlton Heston. Charlton Heston? That's more of a goof on Charlton Heston than really Chuck Heston. Wait, what are you saying is what you're doing to me is not a goof? I try to think of that as a more accurate interpretation of your voice. So you think he does good, Al, but you're not. Al Sharpton? Well, those are all like parodies. He does like Charles Caroll. Really good. What are you, parodies? What's he doing on me? Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan, he does real well. But Ronald Reagan wouldn't even know it anymore. Yeah, that's true. That's why it's fun. I don't know, people have been... I don't know. Popeye. Just wait until they... Popeye, nobody cares. It's a cartoon, but then again, like he has said on the radio, I am a cartoon. I'm not a human being. I'm a cartoon. OVFAMHV, OVFAMHV. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. All right, it's the worst of O&A. Now that usually would be it with Dice versus Dice, with the real Dice. But there was a portion of that that I recovered a few months back because after Dice left the studio, Anthony started doing the impression of him again during a commercial and Dice heard about it. So Dice actually called up during the middle of the commercial because he was listening and confronted Anthony about the impression. So this is Dice calling back. Check this out. Like any of this crap. What's the matter? I'm walking in the street, people pulling up, it's still on in the cars and Anthony don't know what to stop. I've been good. If you had a problem with me, you should have said it right there and then. I gave him the opportunity. The fans called in, they said, if you got a problem, and I took it, all right, the guy's goofing around. And now you're opening your mouth again. I didn't say nothing. You said 20. And listen, Jerkoff, you come back here. Now I'm the Jerkoff, maybe you're the Jerkoff. Okay? You don't want to do this. I try to come on the front. I'm the one to pull the first punch. That's not me. Like even like all the Jerkoffs, they're called in all the tough guys that are in their apartment stone going, my life means nothing. So let me insult somebody else. Is that what I'm going to start? Is that what I got to start thinking about you? Or do I think, hey, the guy does a good impression. If he could get a few laughs off of it, let him get a few laughs. You tell me what you want me to think. It could go two ways. We're friends. Or there's a problem. And if I got a problem, you really got a problem. Hey, hey, hey, I hear you, Dice. You don't want that. Hey, hey, we left everything was nice. Everything nice. Good for everybody. I saw your wife downstairs. I gave a quick squeeze and a kiss. You know what I mean? I called the town. I thought he did a good impression. I'm walking down the street. God pulls over and goes, Dice, you got to hear this guy. You got to hear him first. Go ahead and pull the bell. People are instigating. I haven't said one word. I was listening in the freaking car over here. I got to go. I got to walk the streets with this nonsense now. And everybody's coming over. Go with it. If you're a pussy, if you got a problem, let them say it. Dice, it's Opie. I'll confess. All right. We got to make up. His heart is walking by me now. Honey, why aren't we on the radio? Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. You're too good for everybody. Young man on the street now. Honey, can I clear the air? I'm sorry. I'm over here now. Thank you. You know what I mean? I passed everybody on the street. I put all kinds of people on. Here, pal, say hello. Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Did you hear that guy? I'll go over to another guy that's actually very mad at you. All right. For what you did. Here, here. What's your name? It's Zane's Cliff. Hold on. All right. Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are? I'm telling you, I'm a pal. I got it. You're a shit hole. Him, you're a shit hole. Hey, come and tell me. All right, Cliff, fine. You're a fucking pimp. Tell me something. It's a little noisy. Get out of here. Kenny, get this guy out of here. Hey, Dice, can you talk to these people in the middle of the street for us? This is the middle of the street. I don't even know where we are, but we got some high-looking numbers walking on. Now, Dice, I'll go on record to say I consider you a pal now. All right. So we are friends. And when I come back to town, I'm coming back in there. Yeah. And I want to hear more of these clips. Unless Howard makes up with you. What was that? Unless Howard makes up with you, and then you'll be on Howard Show. No, no, he's got to apologize. He's got to be a man and apologize. I said that to the guy calling in. All right. I don't owe him no apology. But you know what? You guys are fun. Cool. Well, a lot of people thought that we should have beat you up or something. I don't get that. But you were going to come in here and beat me up. Yeah. Isn't that funny how everybody's brave when they're on the phone or when they're on TV? But the minute they face you, all of a sudden, they clam up. You know, we had you in the studio, and I'm like, hey, man, I like this guy. He's making people laugh. We had some fun. That's all I care about. Who's this now? I'll beat you. Yeah, Anthony. You're the even-tempered one. Well, Anthony, I got no use for you. I like people with emotion. All right. All right, Anthony. At least Anthony's got emotion. Let him have it, Anthony. Anthony's got a lot of emotion in him. He's got a lot of problems, a lot of pent-up anger. I don't relate to him. Hey, Dice, I don't relate to farmers. Hey, Dice, because of you, Anthony, I changed his shirt. You're Mr. Kyle. The only thing I got of milk is between my hair and me. You know what, man? The bus driver's just looking at me. He's looking for Pete now. But I just passed the hot looking redhead, and you know what they do for me. What? Oh, me and Jake, I got to get the guy to put some holler. All right, guys, I'm going to let you go. All right, please don't make me come back. All right, Dice, come see us again, all right? That's right. I'll be looking for you. All right. Don't worry. I know just where to find you. All right. All right. Goodbye. Take it easy. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. No, not Anthony Dice Clay. Andrew Dice. And you're listening to Opie and the Guy That Wants to Be Me Show on WNEW 102.7. It's the worst of Opie and Anthony. So pay attention, asshole. 1027 WNEW. Let's talk about the millionaire. The millionaire. Who wants to marry a whore? You know, I am very disappointed in Fox. That's where I go for, you know, the sensational TV. We've all seen the shows. And now they do, who wants to marry a whore? World's scariest police chase is fine. Yeah, things like that. All those fun programs. And then they come up with, who wants to marry a millionaire? Yeah, and it turns out the guy had a restraining order against them. Oops. Might not even be a millionaire at this point. He lives in like this little house. Lives in a crappy house. San Diego somewhere. Trust me, I'm nowhere near a millionaire. And I live in a better house than he does. Than this millionaire guy. I think most of us do. They showed the house on Daedaline last night. I'm like, that's not where a millionaire lives. Yeah, so it turns out somebody dug up some documents on him. God, you've got to love the internet, man. Like years ago, this stuff didn't happen. But it was on the SmokingGun.com. That's a great website. You go there and find all kinds of dirt on people. They got documents and court papers and all kinds of stuff there. And they turned up a restraining order that this guy's ex-fiance filed against him. For pushing her around, smacking her, and saying he was going to kill her. Well, the quote from the restraining order I got right in front of me here. Rockwell threw me around and slapped and hit me in the face. Recently, he said he would find me and kill me. Come on! Many times during sex, he attempted to become physically and verbally abusive. His temper is short and he will randomly throw anything in his path. You like it, you bitch. Don't you? See, I see nothing wrong with that. Mike Tyson. I see absolutely nothing wrong with that way he treats his horse. You got to knock him around a little bit. What do all abused women have in common? What, Mike? They don't f'n listen. Listen to I Am Mike. Just ask that bitch Robin Givens. I gave her a couple. Hey, could you turn down I Am Mike's punches? Because they hurt my ears. Mike, a little hungover, Mike? Yeah. Mike went to the detail party. There were some bitchy whores down there last night. Little squirny model types, the waifs. What a bunch of glass jaws on those whores. I gave one a punch to the uterus, right in her camel toe. It split her right in half. Oh, come on. She busted wide open. I hate whores that can't take a punch. Are you going to be the next person to do who wants to marry an abusive millionaire? I am indeed a millionaire. Yeah. I made a lot of money boxing. Yeah. And I want to do the show. I want to go on there and marry a whore. Now how would you pick your future bride live on TV there? How many do you get to choose from? I don't know, a hell of a lot. Like 50 or so. 50 disgusting whores. I like that. So I go down the line and the first thing I do is like, man them with a few body blows. See if they can take some punches to the gut. You dirty bitch. You shut up. And how would you determine after you hit them a few times which one would be? Well, they'd all fall down. So the ones that fall down a little slower. Yeah. Those are the ones I would choose for a finalist. Okay. And then they go to the I and Mike Tyson motel room for a little alleged rape. That's where I pin them down and I bang them against their will. But it's just allegedly. Of course. Keep Opi and Anthony out of trouble. Allegedly. How do you spell it? Allegedly. E. M. A. A. A. A. I. O. U. Who cares how you spell it? I know what it means. It's Opi and Anthony. They don't get sued by a big goddamn boxing maniac. Then I went, okay, then I have that. Yeah. The way I choose finalists from that. Let's say you got the ten finalists on stage. Who can accept I and Mike for anal? That would narrow it down pretty quickly. I swear. You ain't seen nothing until you've seen I and Mike's Louisiana black snake. It's got a mind of its own. It rapes women. Allegedly. Allegedly. Thank God I keep saying that. Shut up, you whore. She's out. She's out of the competition. You see how easy it is? Come here. I grab this one by the throat. She right down. How am I supposed to have fun with a whore like that? She can't take a punch. Look at her bleed. And then for the final one, when I get down to the final three, I bite each one of their ears off. I spit in their face. Up on the chair. Body goes to the uterus. And then the one that still has the most blood in their body is the one I take home to be my bride. My bride, Mrs. I and Mike filthy whore. On the next episode of Who Wants to Marry an Abusive Millionaire, right? Who Wants to Marry an Abusive Millionaire. And then you know what we do for honeymoon? I grandpa and I climb the Empire State Building and swat at biplanes until they shoot me down. T'was beauty killed the beast. Allegedly. Either that or hit on her with a space shovel and bury her in the backyard with other dirty girls. You're a dirty girl. Allegedly. Oh, very nice. Fuck me on the show. All right. Hold on. I and Mike filthy on the next Who Wants to Marry an Abusive Millionaire. Just like Rick Rockwell. Oh my God. God damn. Let's go to the phones. Everyone has comments about this stupid show. Ronnie, what's up? I gotta tell you, man. Fox crossed the friggin line with this show. I actually threw a pot at my wife. I went under the sink, threw a friggin pot at her. I said, I cannot believe this thing is on television. Yeah. I cannot believe it. Well, they always cross the line. That's why I'm pissed off at Fox. They should be rerunning that show now. Instead, they're like, no, we can't rerun it because it's so controversial. They've made a living off being controversial. Rerun the stupid show. Let's take another look at Rick Rockwell. I was the one who said right after that show that he was a psychopath. I want to know who looked this guy's history up, Helen Keller? You can't figure this out that this guy's a lunatic? Screw his history. I don't understand why we're not digging up his backyard as we speak. He's probably got some bodies back there. I've got some bones back there you never know. Allegedly. You gotta listen to the projects out here, for Christ's sake. What kind of millionaire is fixing his own plumbing? Yeah, how many millionaires live in the projects? That's a good point. Man, what's up with that? That's such a- He's not a rap artist. Forget it. Fox has such mud on their- I'm glad they do because they put most dangerous headaches on and most biggest periods women have and most fantastic bike rides, whatever the hell people watch. Now they're putting this crap on? It's a boost? This is out of control. That millionaire was a pussy too. I swear to God, I saw the interview with him and they didn't even have sex on their honeymoon. They went- Where would they go on a cruise? They went on a cruise, had separate rooms. That's why I said a cruise. We got a cruise, right. See, he would be able to keep that girl if he worked the honeymoon like I and Mike Tyson works it. Yeah, how do you work it? Well, some delicate moonlighting in the suite. Oh yeah. In their little cabin on the cruise ship. Bottle of champagne maybe? A bottle of champagne. Oh yes. Nice easy music maybe like Marvin Gaye. Nice easy music and then maybe she wears some lingerie. Oh yeah. Maybe some body oils and stuff. Yeah, body oils. They're all loosened up, nice, a couple of drinks. And then I sweetponk her. Little sweetponk. And then I bury my fist so far up her, I work her like a hand puppet. I put on a little puppet show after I punch her in the uterus. I whisper sweet nothings in her ear as I bite it off. Oh, I'm completely alleged. Allegedly? Allegedly. Okay, let's go to Dan. Dan, you're next on NAW. What's up ONA? How are you? I got the name for the next Fox special. What? When Millionaires Attack. That would be pretty good. That's very good. When Billionaires Attack on Fox. Very good. Brought to you with the cooperation of the men and women that are psychopaths. Tony, that guy is a psycho. Dig up his yard now. What are we waiting for? I don't know who sat down and talked to the guy. Like they must have interviewed him. I mean they had to sit down with the producers, right? Three words out of this guy's mouth, you'd be going, Oh, oh no, we booked the lunache. Oh no, this guy is completely insane. He's certifiable. Well, we got some clips of Rockwell. On this clip, it's worth playing. Rockwell compares marriage to computers. To buying a computer at the, oh yeah. It's going to sound like a harsh analogy. But if you ever heard someone talk about buying a computer, you say you buy a computer, you check them out, you find all the features you want, and then you make the best decision you can based on the amount of money you have to spend and the information you have at the time. Uh-huh. And then after you do it, you don't look back. Right. Because the next day there's going to be another computer that's more powerful and better. And I kind of tried to approach my decision on that basis. Yeah, yeah, like the Dell computer with the ****. He's comparing his, you put your floppy disk into the hard drive. Yeah, just like a computer. When I get mad at it, I hit it with the baseball bat and shatter its monitor. John, what's going on? That guy, he sounds like a homo if I ever heard one. Yeah, you're thinking gay, huh? Yeah, just going by his voice. I would have to agree with John, sure. Did you see the news last night? Pizza to all the news people? Say that again, I'm sorry. He was giving away pizza to all the news media hanging out in front of his house. He was? Yeah. What a guy. He was with like five boxes of pizza. Oh yeah, that's what a millionaire does. Knows how to win over the crowd. That's good, that's good. Pizza. He's not a millionaire. He's a psycho killer. All right, thank you John. Lifestyles of the rich and abusive. Let's go into the house of Rockwell that costs in the hundreds of dollars. Here's Rockwell in his sprawling shack. Working on the old sperm bank. He just met on television. Let's look at his house. What's that in the crawl space? Dead bodies. As Rockwell drives in the luxury of his Dodge Dart. It's a 1972 Dodge Dart. Wonderful. Let's look at the master bedroom. What's that smell? There's a body under the bed. He's dressed to the nines. In his Wrangler jeans and Puma sneakers. Let's go to the luxurious backyard where he could fit up to two Weber grills. Lifestyles of the rich and abusive. What a tool. Let's open his closet and see his collection of concert t-shirts. Why did the Rush one always shrink? They did have the cheapest concert t-shirt. God damn, it was a midriff top. That's a great obscure reference right there. Gabe from Queens on the Instant Feedback app. They ought to make those pseudo reality shows really interesting. Something like who wants to marry for a green card with 50 illegals trying out for an American bachelor. After you get a winner you let loose the INS agents after the other 49. Watch them scatter like roaches in the light. Now there's a show for Fox. Come on. That's great. That is a good one. That's Gabe from Queens. Very good. Get our best stuff from you effers. Look at all the wife beater t-shirts. How appropriate. TK from Long Island on the Instant Feedback. BET or the WB they should have who wants to marry a welfare recipient. Wait a minute. It's the inappropriate gong. Who wants to marry a welfare recipient? You'll win a life supply of government cheese and food stamps amounting in the tens of dollars. You'll be whisked away in a 62 Cadillac. You'll be getting a shopping cart full of depositable bottles and a snorkel jacket. Let's look at our contestants who look at Ziggy. We'll take a quick break here. Who wants to marry a millionaire kid toucher? That doesn't sound so bad. Sarx man from wall to wall. 107 WNEW.