 Anthony is angled but Opie is worse than Hitler. We're off to a flying start here on the uh Opie and uh Cruel and Inhuman Show. 1027 WNEW. Heheheheh. Hey man. Ahhh. Da da da da da da da da da da da da da. It's The Opie and Anthony Show! Yes. The Dopey Duo! That's right, riding into uh town again. For another fine day of radio programming Anthony. Absolutely. You know what? I'm going to say right now, let's get some coffee. You need coffee again? Yeah, I've had this goddamn cough and stuff, you know? Yeah. I've been acting, I'm sick. It's been having a really rough week. But I don't take off from work because this isn't work. Like, I used to take off for the drop of a hat when I was knocking tin for a living. Yeah, when you have a real job and you're feeling a little sick, you throw it or something, you're like, oh, I get to call in sick. Yeah. But now it's like, what am I going to do? Sit home and pretty much do what I do here. Yeah, no. Hang out and goof on stuff. But you really have to be sick to call in sick for this radio job. Yeah. Which I had to do in November, unfortunately. Like, the only way I would call in sick and the only way I did call in sick, which is going back to when we first started here, is when you can't get up. You've been so sick where you stand up and you get that fuzzy feeling and you're all woozy and you feel like you're just going to topple over. Yeah, that's when you have to say it. That's when, you know, I'm not in because I can't get in. If I could get in and just plop in the chair, that's fine too. I'll broadcast with 102 fever. What the hell? Well, my problem, last time I had to call in sick, I just didn't have a voice. You kind of need a voice to do a radio show. That's true. I started losing that. At any given moment, I could just go into this mode. Right, right. I was like, hey, how you... Packin' phlegm. Phlegm. Well, I hope Mr. Cosby isn't sick today because I think we're going to need Mr. Cosby later on on the show today. Cos, what's up with the Cos? I'm just having a little fun with the girl. Yeah, we'll get into that a little later. Slippin' the jello pudding plop. Want to say hi to everyone that had a swim to work today? Oh, yeah. Union Square, just an absolute mess. It's so funny, man. There are just so many pipes just waiting to explode in the city of ours. Ancient pipes. They say these pipes are like well over 100, 150 years old. Yeah. What lasts that long? Nothing. My favorite water main break is when it happens and it swallows cars out of nowhere. Yeah, big hole in the road. Cars gone. I like when it's those goddamn livery cab drivers. Maybe with their water main break in Union Square they cleaned up some of those bums. They've got their first bath in 10 years. Oh, brother. Well, we haven't said hi to anyone yet. No. Our phone line is 212-757-1027. Let's go to Tom. Tom, what's going on today, man? Thanks. Hey, Ty. Yeah. What's up, man? You're on the radio. Hey. How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? Doing well. What is the deal with Don and Mike? The show that comes on after that? What? I'm telling you. I'd rather take Tom Lycus over him any day. Why? No way. They're horrible. Dude, what are you kidding? Tom Lycus? All right, Tom Lycus sucks, but these guys? Beyond. I lasted about five minutes. See, that's because you've got to give these shows a little time. Yeah, because you're kind of used to hearing what Aunt and I sound like. I mean, every show has a different feel to them. You can't just punch into something because like you just punch into this show, it's just a couple of idiots talking. But after you get to know us a little while, you hate us even more. Wait a minute, that doesn't work. Yeah, but where are they coming out of? They're coming out of D.C.? Yes. They blatantly were ripping New York. They don't like New York at all. I wasn't getting that impression. I listened last night. I was finally able to drive home and listen to a show on the radio. I was online last night and I was checking them out and then I checked out the first part of Ron and Fez's show and I'm like, wow, this is the first time after Aunt and I get off the air that I'm tuning in to any W to see what's going on. That's some real check out. I checked out Lycus the first few weeks he was on and it was painfully obvious that I couldn't get into that show. But come on. But I spent a good hour, hour and a half with Donna Mike and then another hour with Ron and Fez late last night. It just seems like they've got that typical radio voice. You know the one that Anthony always makes fun of, the typical CBS. CBS. I'd rather listen to Mad Dog. Well, you want the goofy, wacky voices. If you want the goofy, wacky voices then check out Fez. That's a wacky voice. There's no DJ voice there. I don't know. I don't know what to tell you, Tom. I so far am digging the two new shows and I'm not just saying that. Well, anything is better than Lycus, I guess. Yeah, and the radio chick is doing a fine job. For the first time in a while we're very excited about working here at any W. There's things going on. Yeah, we feel like there's at least, you know, there's a plan. There's shows that want to win and they sound all right. What are you guys going to get syndicated? I know you guys talk about a lot like every day, but come on. Let's do it. That's funny, right? Let's do it. If we keep our names out of the paper I think it will happen. Yeah, it might happen. Unbelievable. I don't know. I don't know what the company has in store for us. We would love to be syndicated. Be nice, be good. Seems like everyone else is allowed to, but we're not. But I guess that's fair. So we'll just patiently wait. Hey, what's the WWF stock at today? I got bored. I'm taking a loss. Yeah, it took a little bit. What was it, down an eighth today or something like that? It went up yesterday. Your old pal Ant dumped out. I dumped out. What, you got scared on that one? Yeah, you know, if it doesn't move, at least a couple of points in one sitting, I've got to get out. I don't sit on something very long. I just bought in on a few things when the NASDAQ took a dip today at about one o'clock or so. Bought in some stuff. Now I'm waiting to toss it. Well, I had CVS and I got rid of CVS for that crummy WWF stock and I took a loss big time. Who's your financial advisor? CVS or WWF? Horrible. Bad mistake. We've got to get stockbroker Dave to talk stocks again. Did you see what this POM did today? POM and IPO came out today, those little frigging POM pilot things that everyone's talking about. Oh, I heard about that. Yeah. Spinoff of 3Com. Oh my God. 38 bucks the IPO. The thing went up to like the 160s. That settled down to, last I checked it was at 106 or something like that. But yeah, people were buying in. I was reading the message board. People buying in at like 145 bucks and they're getting told they sell it at 119 and they're crying. Crying. Yeah, IPOs aren't a guarantee. IPO, you've got to be insane to buy into an IPO when the market opens that day. You're insane because it's going to be run up so high that by the time you get in, it's got nowhere to go but down. Remember Zoom? Oh, remember my experience with the IPO on Zoom.com? Zoom, Zoom, Zoom. Yes, I do. Oh, I got zoomed up the yim yam on that one. Maybe the WWF will go up once they get Stephanie McMahon off the air. There you go. Really? I've had it with her. It's going to happen soon. Shane McMahon has come back and it's just a matter of time before Vince pops his head back into the action. That's right, so it won't go up. Well, Tom, thank you. All right, thank you guys. All right, man. All right. Let's go to John. John, you're next on WWF. What's up? Yo, O&N, what's up? How are you? Good. How are you guys doing? Great. All right. That guy's crazy. Don and Micah are pretty good. Yeah. So far, so good, right? I found myself laughing. Yeah, they're all making me laugh. The intro is a little long. Yeah, I think Aunt and I need some slick Hollywood radio show open. They're a little more polished than we are, that's for sure. Don and Micah are like Opie and Anthony, Ed, 10, 15 years. Yeah, you know? That might be it. We like this edgy, rough feel to our radio show. Yeah, I remember watching like it's the Archies and then the Little Archies cartoon. They're like the Little Archies. They're like the Little Archies. Or the Flintstones and they had the baby Flintstones. That's us. Baby Flintstones. We don't need a show opener or nothing. We just kind of like, you know, just a couple of tunes to open it up. We just get into it. We don't have a schedule of things we're going to talk about. No. That would help at times. It really would, but we don't. I feel like I'm back in school. I know. When you've got nothing to do on the show, you just go to us because we have nothing to say either. Yeah, and we can rag each other. We can rag on us. Well, that's the dangerous, those are the dangerous shows when Aunt and I don't have anything to say and then we're like, all right, let's rely on our listeners. And we go to the phones and you guys are sucking too. Oh, no. I mean, you guys are. They're happy. Don't be. They have nothing to say. And they were like, OK, let's go through our O&A archives and try to play some old bits and get us through this mess. I hate to talk about equipment here in the studio, but I can't deal with this. Look at your monitor for the phone calls. Is it doing something to your eyes? No. It looks the same as it always did? Oh, yeah. Colombo did something to my monitor. He probably cleaned it off. No, no. Yeah, right. There might have been some splooge on there. There's probably like a dust film on it that kind of toned down all those bright colors you're looking at. I'll tell you what it is. The frequency to the monitor is not synchronized with the frequency of the computer. So it's like going, yeah, I'm getting this wacky thing happening. I think it's your virus setting in. It's driving my eyes crazy. It's that virus setting in. I can't look at it. All right, John. All right, yo, Opie. Yeah. Woo hoo hoo. Wow, here's a blast running past. Hey, guys. Hey, Opie. Hey, Opie. Is it time for the all-request and dedication hour? Okay. Hey, who's on Homegrown tonight? Which band is going to be featured on Homegrown? Yeah, don't you have an air conditioner? But it's not. I wanted to do a construction down the hall. I wanted to get in there, maybe hang a couple of pieces of duct tape for old time. I took you out of hell, and this is how you pay me back. Oh, come on. Okay. It's the all-request and dedication hour. Shut up. Breaker one-niner. That was Ant's radio show. I was on Motorola. 16 to bass, 16 to bass. That was my radio show. Oh, boy. All right, let's go to Pete. Pete, you're next on any W. What's going on, man? What's going on, Anthony? What are you guys up to? Talking to you, man. Hey, I was thinking about this whole Donna Mike thing. I used to live down in D.C. I used to listen to them. They are actually very, very good. But the thing is, we're so used to just like is sucking that we have this trigger reaction to turn the radio off after you guys shut up. So a lot of people, I think that everyone in New York, I mean, New York's a tough market to hit. And I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. It's definitely a good show. You guys, we should give it a tag. Who's the raving lunatic? You know what I found really funny yesterday? We went back to the office after the show and they started ripping our bosses, who were their bosses too, down in DC, just started ripping our bosses a new a-hole. I heard that. They're still new bosses to us, so you don't lay right into them. It's a new boss. You get a relationship. You can't really call somebody an a-hole until they're a good friend of yours. We're not even at that point yet. And to listen to them just tearing Jeremy apart, we were crying in the office. It was hysterical. That was great. I guess they know each other very well. We're going to give a few more days, maybe another week, and then we're going to maybe simulcast and get all four of us on the air at the same time. That would be cool actually. I think that could be fun. That could be really fun. All right, Pete. I'd like to really quickly before I go, give them a chance. All right, guys. You know because you'd listen to them in Washington. Just give them a chance. If you don't like them in a month or so, then so be it. At least you could say you gave it a chance. Exactly. All right, man. All right, fellas. Thank you. Bye. There's a detective on the line. Chris, you're next on NAW. What's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? All right. Listen, man. I've got water main break. Yeah, you're next, man. I have a situation down there. A situation? I've been watching New York 1. It's a mess. You mentioned how old the water mains are. Yeah. Some of the pipes they're digging up there are carved out of wooden logs. Oh my God. That's how old it is, man. That's great. That's amazing. New York City, there's wooden logs carrying the water. Hey, could you guys do us a favor and get some of those bumps to take a bath in that water main break down there? Oh, yeah. They all come down with buckets, you know. They start filling up when they see the water main breaks. They can put them in their homes and they can take a bath in their homes. Yeah. And they're all filled up. Yeah. And they're all filled up. Yeah. And they're all filled up. And they're all filled up. And they're all filled up. And they're all filled up. And they're all filled up. No, they start filling up when they see the water main breaks. They can put them in their homes and they can take a bath. That's funny. Hey, could I put out an FU to my brother, man? Yeah, what's his name? My brother Rick, man. All right. I want to put out an FU to him for bushing up the family. All right, cool. All right. Thank you, bro. Yeah, you guys suck. I'll ask Jackie, too, man. All right, bro. See you later. There goes Chris, the detective. Nice. Some of those pipes carved out of wood. They're finding out. Carved out of logs. The Indians that we hear before they sold Manhattan made those log pipes that are under the ground. You think that's true? Come on. I wouldn't doubt it, man. You know, the city is old. Water main pipes cut out of logs. There is some crap under these streets. You have no clue what's going on down there. There is a whole other world going on under this city. I would like to take a tour of some of the stuff that's going on in the city. I saw one of those stations where they take you on a tour of all the old subway stations that are officially closed down to the public. You can't even go down into the subway station. They open up manhole covers and stuff and they bring you down. It's still like a subway stop with a ticket booth and everything from the past. You can check it out. Ancient history. That would be nice, though. Look at that. Look, it's a dog. Oh, look. Oh, wait, that's a rat. The New York City sewer rat. Stay away. They've got some big ones down there. You don't want to F with them. I saw a guy, a homeless guy, over on Broadway, right around 72nd, pushing a shopping cart with clothes in it, a homeless guy, and a huge live rat on top of a pile of clothing in his shopping cart. He stopped and scratched the little rat under the chin and then got back behind the shopping cart and started pushing it again. It was his little pet, huh? There were just these moments that happened in New York because most of the time you're just walking down the street and you don't notice anything. You go to the store, you go to work, whatever you're doing. But then there are those moments when something happens and you notice something. That I noticed. You noticed that one. Only that and the other day also, a moment I noticed. I'm driving to work. I see this white woman, 500 pounds, had to be 500 pounds on the median with a walkman on dancing. Dancing like shaking hard. That's what makes New York special though. It was the drive that I usually I'm just, okay, another red light, another cab, another one, I'm trying to get to the parking lot. It took me like, oh my God, what is that? It snaps you out of that whole lull that you're in, that whole hypnotic state that you go through when you're in New York, when you see something like that. That's the stuff that makes the city go round. Remember you just brought up something that reminded me of something. Remember when we were working in Boston and the huge lady that fell through the sidewalk? God damn, that was funny. She was about 350, 350, 400. About 350, 350, 400 maybe. The sidewalk gave way and swallowed her. She just fell into like a sinkhole, fell into the sidewalk and couldn't get out. The front page of the Boston Herald, I believe it was, it was just this huge, huge lady stuck in the middle of the sidewalk because she fell through. The fire department is trying to pull her out with some big jaws of life or something. They had one fire guy in the hole with her trying to blow her up as well. We made a huge poster of this front page headline. It was like six foot by three foot. We had it in our office for years. It made us laugh every freaking day, every day. Some things happen like that. They're just moments that get your attention. Right. Dan from Valley College, New York, Valley Cottage, New York. What do you think of the Bill Cosby episode? What was he looking for? Jell-O? Well, we'll be talking to the cause hopefully a little later today. Yeah, I think the cause might need some coffee to compensate for the medication. You think? All right, we'll get you some coffee. All right, let's take a break, Anthony. All righty. We're going to regroup, move on to other topics here. So give us a call, 212-757-1027. Sometimes you feel like a mess. Booty dooties. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. Hopefully, as after this. 1027-WNAW. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. How many times do we have to tell you? You're a little chubby. You're packed on the pounds for winter. You've got to get rid of it now. Stacker 2. Or you're going to be in our ugly ass competition the next time we do a road show. Do you want to be part of the ugly ass competition or the hot bikini contest competition? Your choice. Go either way. Either way, though, we could use you. Yeah, so if you want to win the prize for ugly ass, do not listen to this spot. It is not for you. Stacker 2 would not be for you if you want to win the ugly ass contest. That's right. But if you want to lose the pounds and get that nice slender ass, Stacker 2. It does three things, Anthony. It burns the fat. It also builds muscle. That's the other thing it does. It crushes the cravings to snack in between meals. And it gives you a boost of energy. That's four. That's four now. I know. I apologize, Anthony. Oh my God. But it does build muscle as well. It's Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. They have a website, stacker2.com. Or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands, thousands have proven it works. And our phone number, 212-757-1027. The fax line, 212-957-9639. I'm kind of bummed. We were supposed to talk over a little tool, Anthony. Oh, didn't stop playing? No, we love tool. A misfire. A misfire of a car. Damn. Because then I was going to seg into the fact that tool is heading into the studio. And they're going to have a new album out later this year. Ah, so that would have worked out perfectly. You see how radio works? See, we would have came out. Here's the tool, right? Hey, we're back with the Opie and Anthony show. Our phone number, 212-757-1027. Hey, Anthony, this is tool. Yeah. We love tool, right? Oh, yeah, rock. Let's crawl away. Hey, Anthony, do you know tool is heading into the studio and is going to have a new album out later this year? Thank you for that bit of spontaneous information, Opie. I really appreciate it. And while we're talking about bands, hey, Fatboy Slim, live mix CD coming out March 28th, Anthony. Yeah? Pearl Jam, new album coming out later this year. Uh-oh. A European tour begins in May. Do you have a problem with a new Pearl Jam CD, Anthony? I don't know. You know something? Every time the new CD comes out from Pearl Jam, I just get a little scared because the first song they release off it usually blows monkey ass. It's a marketing strategy. I guess so. I'll tell you what it is. When a band gets really, really popular, they could hand in anything to radio stations and they're going to play it. Does that mean the stations are going to start bringing up the Pearl Jam from the catalog, start playing some of the older stuff before the new thing is out and we could start hearing Oh, we're, oh, we're in my baby baby. The love we have for one. If I ever hear that one again, I'll just drive into an embankment. I got to admit, I've given up on Pearl Jam. I've given up. I used to really, really like them a lot, but I could care less. He ought to shoot himself, become like Legendary, like Curse. Bye bye. All right. And I could turn you out to something today. A lot of great phone calls. If you're on hold, hold on a second. All right. What? The new black crow's Jimmy Page song, man. What? Oh, you're not a black crow's fan. I'm not a big black crow's fan. I'm a huge black crow's fan. I see them all smoking weed saying, Hey, why don't we get Jimmy Page? And my disband this morning was Southern Harmony, man. Yeah. Yeah. I was tracking through some new, no doubt. Hey people, that's a call back from yesterday's show. That's right. Anyway, this, this song has been available only on the internet. You can download it as an MP3, but it's going to be in store soon. Ben, do you know? You have to purchase it through the internet. Yeah. But we got a copy and you want to check it out in or what? Oh, yeah. What the hell? It's the black crow's and Jimmy Page. This thing rocks. All right. I'm listening. A lot of black crows and zeppelin fans very excited about this damn thing. It's called what is and what should never be. You know, the old zeppelin tune reworked with Jimmy Page and the black crow's live from LA recorded last year. The track can be downloaded at windows media dot com, but we have it for you here today. I'm looking forward to it. Let me hear. You're such a liar. Let me enjoy this. Okay. No, I'm really looking forward to it. And we'll be back. Stay there. We refuse to be responsible. We refuse to be responsible. Well, we got the cars in the studio. The guys. And also live from LA, it's Jay Moore. Jay, first weekly visit. What's up, Jay? I don't know how Codd could be in the studio when he's here at my house. Oh, really? Yeah. Put him on the phone. Well, he's in the other room. Codd. Oh, my God. Put him on the phone. Hold on. Pick up the line. Now, I would like to talk to you about my penis. You take your hand and you place it below my butt. And you begin to stick it forward. And it feels good. And it's great to get it. And it flies and flies and flies and flies. And it flies and flies and flies. And before you know it, flies and shit-suck. Filth of barn and filth of barn. Barn and seigeum. Oh, seigeum. This seems to Codd's in a little bit of trouble there. What's up, man? Lachelle Covington, about 20. That's been a rumor about Codd's for a long time. What, that he likes grabbing girls' hands and shoving them down his pants? Yeah. That's great. Did you read the story in LA, Jay? No. I'm still on comic time. I've been sleeping for once. This is a great story. Lachelle Covington, she's been on the Cosby show a few times. Lachelle. It's Lachelle. Lachelle. I don't know how to pronounce these names. It's Ricky Lake with that name. Lachelle. Lachelle. It's Ricky Lake name. Yeah, she's been on the... Lachelle, when did you and Rat Tattooing know Lutrain was the Breeze Baby? When I talked to Listerine. Hold on, Kaluwa. It's Portia's turn. Lamondula. Lamondula. Lamondula. Lamondula. Amphorine, please. Amphorine. Amphorine. What was the thing? Well, she's an actress. She's been on the Cosby show, but she hasn't had speaking parts on the Cosby show. Wonder why? Well, she went to Cosby's little house there. His little posthouse. His townhouse. To his townhouse to get some acting advice. Acting advice on the Cosby. That seems a little strange right there. That's the best. She goes to his house for a little acting advice. She's a whore. Yeah. Well, she filed a police report saying the beloved comedian put her hand under his t-shirt and guided it south toward his sweatpants. That's a crime? Well, it was fine. What law did he break? You see, the penis is below the belt line, so I wanted her to touch my penis. I put your hand on my belly, but I was hoping it would not stay where I put it. What law did he break? I was guiding her hand toward what I like to call Fat Albert. Well, sometimes when I drink too much, it's Donald. Fat Albert and then the Cosby kids hanging right below him. I like to call my left nut Rudy and my right nut Bill. Rudy, he's hanging a little lower because he's the hand of God being below Fat Albert. If you're still Rudy, just write, the next thing you know, Fat Albert starts dripping and drizzling all over the little issues. Hey, J, I think Cosby wanted to play What's in My Pants, huh? Yeah, right. I say, poor act was an after all. Fragly shaved and she dates a fireman because it has a brass knob. What law did he break? Well, according to the Manhattan District Attorney's Office, they decide no crime had been committed. She pulled her hand away and at that point, before that point, it was a consensual little circumstance. So the cops never questioned Cosby. However, the story gets better there, J Moore. Now she's going to sue him. In the upcoming issue of the National Enquirer, Covington's relatives are quoted saying Cosby went further grabbing her breasts, trying to put his hand down her pants and exposing himself to the young actress. If that's the case, there's crimes going on on a daily basis right here in this studio. It's alarming, Anthony and I think of the same show, like a 60% clip. And it's like 50-50 who gets it out first. It's alarming. You want to hear more of the police report because it is pretty funny. But I don't understand, putting a woman's hand on your belly. Putting a woman's hand down your pants. You know how many times, you know what my trick was when you didn't think you were getting anywhere? Yeah. This works, guys. Any guy listening, this is a great one. There we go. More advice. Batten down the hatches. More advice, MOHR advice. Okay. Hey, come on, it's the guy that came up with, I made two cousins kiss, don't forget. Absolutely. We'll never forget it. When you're in the car making out, and you're touching breast, and you're not sure what's going to happen, and you can sit there until five in the morning making out. You don't want that. I mean, time, expedition is the key. You want to be expeditious in the process of getting laid. Because you're making out, and when you feel, don't just do it right off the bat. You've got to get it hot and heavy, you touch the breast, weaken the nipples a little. Then you take out, it's got to be wrecked, gentlemen. Don't take out the acorn, take out the rod. And you just let them see it, and you say, what are we going to do about this? When they see it, sometimes when they see it, it's like, ahhh, they can't help it. They're at least going to touch it out of curiosity, because they can't believe you. The worst thing that's going to happen is they're going to kick you out of the car. What are we going to do about this? It's a problem, though. What are we going to do about this? You know what that thing is doing? You're like, oh my God, look how excited you get me. Show them. It's like it's a compliment. That's a brave move, J. That is a bold move, man. I'm telling you, when they see it, well, not Rick, because he's an egg roll, but when they see most nice, handsome, circumcised penises, they like penises. But if Rick takes out an egg roll, they're going to be like, I don't know about that one. Why don't you peel it yourself and get back to me? I love the girls in the car. You're making out with them and stuff, and you want to go for patch, and they have all those karate moves, preventing you from getting down there. I didn't realize their arms could move like that. Yeah, they do this special. I've been on the road. What are we going to do about this? Any question, I like the folks. At about 1.15 a.m., what are we going to do about my ractitis? It looks like a jello pudding pop on the table. Oh, don't you treat it like one of those. Phil Barn and Phil... You're not fucked. Rudy never minded putting a hand down in the cow's pants during the cotton store. Little Rudy. Rudy? What a great story in the paper. Why did a 60-year-old girl have a mustache? Rudy had a little dirty sand chills going. I can't believe a 65-year-old man trying to get pussy is news. It's a 20-year-old chick, and he's putting his hand down. What else can you do when you're worth a billion dollars and you're 65 years old? You'd think he could be a little smoother than that, though. He's in his swank townhouse in his big, stinky Cosby sweatpants. Repeat that. With his big belly. Repeat the first part of your sentence. He's in his posh townhouse? Yeah, she came to him. Yeah, that's true. But I mean, you could... We're lacking advice. You know what, though? If he probably would have had just a tad more class, it would have worked. Like, like... Would it kiss her in the mouth? I don't know. I don't know what to move it, but I don't think it's grab her hand and put it in your pants. Yeah, Jay, what's the move? I told you it's a move that you make out, but it's fully erect. Shake it out. What are you going to do about it? Stroke it at yourself and say, look how excited you make me. What are we going to do about it? Crazy. Look at this. Oh my God, I'm in pain. I'm in pain. What are we going to do about this? It just sounds like a problem. It's so funny. What are we going to... Oh, look at this. Geez, I got to take this back to the shop. What are we going to do about this? No, then you start doing it yourself and they're like... Then they feel stupid that they're just sitting there watching you masturbate. You know what? It's powerful hockey. Shake it from the man. Brilliant. Brilliant move. Somebody's got to try that move. Bravo. It's funny. Opie's going to try it on his girlfriend where he doesn't even have to try it. Opie will be making out tonight and just take it out and be like, oh, what are we going to do about this? Put that away. What? Put it in me. What are you talking about? I'm going to try the what are we going to do about this line. I encourage all our listeners to try the what are we going to do about this line. Try it. Let us know how it works. It's got to be like, oh my God, you're in so much pain because it's all out of your pants. Hold on. This girl Kelly says this trick works. You see? I'm going to put you on Kelly, Jay. Kelly! Hi, what's up? Lovely. Great. It does work. Really? Because when you see a good-looking penis, you want to take care of it. It is so true and I can tell you from experience, it's very true. It has happened many times. From the way you're talking, it sounds like you're doing one right now. No, actually right now I'm on my way to work. I'm in deep shit with my boss. Watch that curse word. Sorry, but I'm really... You can't curse. Kelly, Kelly, what are we going to do about this? I don't know. I have to come visit. I guess it has to be in the same room, right Jay? It works better when you're there with the person. Kelly, why does it work? Because you see it and you're already excited and the sight of it makes you want to do something about it. If you're making out for like five hours and you haven't done that yet, you're in serious problems. But I'm thinking after an hour of making out, you should be doing it by then. Or less than an hour. Cool. When you see it fully erect, you almost feel guilty for the guy. The guy starts stroking it himself. You're going to be like, get out of the way, let me do it. Not right away. Talk to him for a little while. Joke it up. I'm going in. It works though. Kelly, thank you. You're welcome. Look at that. How drunk was that girl? This girl Joanne says that your trick works. One more lady that says the J-more trick works. You guys didn't believe me when I unveiled the trick. No, I didn't. That's a ballsy move. Joanne. Hello. Hi. All right, Jay, that trick has worked so many times on me it's not even funny. That's something you tell everybody. So many times. Your uncles are going to start pulling it out. You're making out with a guy, you're getting hot and heavy. He pulls out his junk and says, what are we going to do about it? And it works for you. And let me tell you, it's like, okay, I'll be a good girl tomorrow. Wow. You know, you go along, you're going to say, you're saying I'm going to behave myself. No, this is not going any further. Yeah. I'm going to remain calm. We're just going to end the night nicely. I'm going to be good. I'm going to be... He takes it out and the next thing you know, it's just irresistible. That's right. It's a beautiful sight. It truly is. I told you when they see it, you guys don't realize that it's actually an attractive thing to women. It is a weapon. Yeah. Well, that was a storyline episode 54 when I taught Theo that trick. He went out and pulled out his stuff. Felt the flarn. Put your hand down with the big sweaty sweat bands of the guys. Felt the flarn. I applaud the cause. I think if you're a billionaire and you worked as hard as he has, as long as he has, and a girl comes to your house and you put her hand on your belly, your big old belly. Oh my God. And you're doing a thing, a carousel business, I think he's done nothing wrong. And I think this country's gone bananas. Where do you draw the line between sexual harassment and trying to get laid? What if he's just trying to get laid? Yeah, but you know something... He came over to your house, she went for acting advice. Acting advice? She honestly knew what the deal was. I'm just saying a little more cooth. Maybe she didn't right away want to plunge down at his 60-year-old... Cooth? Don't need cooth. 60-year-old... Poor guys need cooth. Melted Turkish Caffeine Nuts. If you're a decent looking guy that has a billion dollars, you don't need cooth. You pull down your pants and go, hey, play with this. I'm worth a billion. I own the little rascals. I own the little rascals. I want you to grab my buckwheat. You need her. Felt the flarn. Look, my little Stammy's out here.