 Both Anthony and Rick Staggs. The Four Morons of the Apocalypse. 107 WNEW. Ah, yes! The weekend is over! Hey! Monday, March 13th, 2000. The O&A show. What's up, man? Think I'm still drunk. Phone line 212-757-1027, with the intermittent arrow. Our fax line 212-957-9639. Trade, trade, trade. Gotta get this order in on. Trade, trade, trade. Mark has taken a beating today. I didn't even want to look at him, man. Who? Who what? What? Today is the day to rejoice, Alfie. I know you... If you're a player. I know you figured out how to make money on today's march. You long-termers might have been a little hurt today, looking at your... Looking at your nice blue chips taking a crap. And looking at your tech stocks taking a dump this morning. You know what I saw when I booted up the computer and saw that the Nasdaq, within the first, like, hour of trading, was down 200 points? Oh my God, I went into a buying frenzy. Buying frenzy. One stock was down... You know one stock was down 12 points, and it was doing great last week? I mean, it was down big. Really big. That's what I call a buying opportunity. And you know, where's it going? Where the hell's it going? It's the same company it was Friday. Everyone freaked out, sold like maniacs. Thank you. I'll buy your shares here. Thank you. Thank you. The thing kicked up plus five. Up five points on the day after being down 12. Look at you bragging. You know what you call that? Look at you bragging. Not bragging, I'm just saying. It's not always a bad thing when the Dow and the Nasdaq take a crap. You're a braggart. I am not. You're bragging. I'm telling you how it's done. Let me just... I'm giving you some advice. Let me just ask you one thing, Anthony. Okay. That day when you take a dump... Yeah? In the market... Okay. Are you going to be as open and honest on the air? Are you going to share that bad news with everybody? You want me to explain what happens when I did take a dump? And I do take a dump? Yeah. I'll tell you because it happened. Okay. It happened. I had bought something called option contracts open which cost a lot of money. Cost a lot of money. This is the guy when I first met him. He had no clue what a dollar was, man. A lot of money, right? You had no idea. Go ahead. The stock went down. My options, they expire in time. Yeah. And they're ready to expire. So you know what you do? You sell it at the loss, okay? But then you take the money that's left over because you don't wait until you lose it all. Mm-hmm. And you buy more options for the next month. And it went back up. And I did fine. After I take a dump, I hit the bottle. That's the truth of the matter. No. I'm just saying that it's... And I don't know you anymore. It's not always a bad thing when the market takes a crap. This isn't the same guy that I met like six years ago. I have no idea who you are anymore. You've got to be quick on the draw in the morning. I was there hitting that goddamn enter button at 9.32 this morning. Bye! Bye Mortimer, bye! We finally found something to make Anthony wake up before noon. Oh, I am up. I am up every day. When I saw that the futures were down 30 points before the market opened, I'm dancing around the house. Dancing! Come on, open up, market! This guy, I used to call him on like a Wednesday morning at like 11.30, and he was still sleeping. Not anymore. Not the new Anthony. Oh, no. If the company wants us to do mornings for them, what they have to do is get in bed with the Dow Jones and get them to open up the stock market at 5.30, and we'll be able to get Anthony in here for a morning show. That's the only way. Okay, terrific. Yeah. All right. It was never able to get up like 8.30 to maybe, you know, work on the radio show, but 8.30 to make money in the stock market? No problem. Let me tell you, you got to be up early. You need, you need Squawk Box on your TV. You need the computer booted up to E-Trade. Let me tell you. And you got to be quick on the drawing. You got to have balls of steel. Mark obviously doesn't have any money in the market. Squawk Box rocks. Squawk Box, that is better than the Playboy channel if you're into the market. It sounds like the Playboy. No. Squawk Box. Yeah, I had this chick, she had a bag of Squawk Box. Squawk Box rocks in the morning. Oh, Squawk Box. The only thing they're missing is like a girl and like a thong. Maria Bartiromo there on the floor of the market. Oh, she's talking. She's all sexy and stuff talking about how you're going to lose all your money. Squawk Box is really good. Come on. They just need bikini clad babes and you'd be all set in the morning. I'm serious. They joke around. It's fun. It's a fun little show. Yeah. And then you find out that, you know, they actually just wanting to know. We're canceling an interview with the CEO of some company because we're expecting a very rocky open to the market today. The thing dumped. And you know what? When you got companies that have been doing very good for a while, and Friday they were up also. And for the last two weeks, they've been doing very well. What has changed over the weekend? Except the Japs economy took a dump and everybody did a knee-jerk reaction to it. When you see a stock like that down 12 points, what do you think? It ain't coming back. What are you silly? Buy. Buy, Opie, buy. So for a Monday Anthony in a very good mood. Oh, yeah. And I'm drinking coffee. You guys when you tune in around, you know, quarter to three and Anthony's not saying much and yeah, and he sounds a little depressed. That's because he took a dump in the market and he's not going to tell you about it. That's all right. Look, I'm in. Okay. I'm not saying what but I'm back in. Got to say it again. You and I are hilarious because you're short term. I'm long term. Yeah, I'm slow and steady. You are slow and steady. I'm building slow and steady. And let me tell you something. I'm the tortoise. Let me tell you. Yeah, Opie is definitely the tortoise. Let me tell you something. Opie is doing very well with his stock. Slow and steady. I knew all my stocks were going to take a dump today, but I just couldn't sell. I got to tell you, they're going to go right back up tomorrow Wednesday. Can I ask you something? You've been in the market as long as I have. Yes. How many stocks have you sold? None. None. Opie has never ever sold a stock. I officially have not sold a stock. No, no. And I am way up. I know you're doing very well. I need a profit take very soon. I'm getting a little nervous. A little nervous, Antoine. Well, not today. Like biotech. You know, I'm a little nervous here. Yeah, yeah. Opie owns some stuff in the biotech industries, which is pretty funny. Opie's funding cures for diseases. That's right. Meanwhile, I'm buying into companies. I don't even know what they do. Oh, trust me. There's a couple I'm in. I have no clue what they do. No clue. No idea. I'm just praying it goes up. Got a couple hunches in there, you know? Very funny. I never thought I'd see the day that I jump on the Long Island Railroad with a Wall Street Journal in my hand. Yeah? Well, you got to keep tabs on what's going on. What the hell happened to us? I don't know. You're right. What the hell did happen to us? When I met Antoine, I was on smack. He was a drug. I was always in the crack pipe. We still don't have money, but we're learning how to invest. So after we get fired again, we'll have some money. I like the idea of having a little bit of money and the risk that it might all be gone tomorrow. That gets my adrenaline pumping. That's fun too, right? Man. Yeah, you got to love the market. It's the funniest damn thing out there. And it's just within the past few years that it's been open to the regular guy. Because for years, it was like in trading places. Mortimer. Mortimer. Sell Mortimer, sell. You know, that's what it was like. You know, now that I'm in the market, that movie is so much funnier. Yeah, I know. Trading places is so much funnier. Because I didn't understand any of that crap when I was just a teenager watching the movie for the first time. But you get the hang of it. You see the ups and downs. You take a few really bad hits when you first start doing it. And then after a while, you catch on. You take some hits. You make some gains. And you hope the gains outweigh the hits. And that's about it. It's pretty funny. So obviously, Anthony made a S-load today. It was a very good day. And we still all had to pay for our own coffee today. You cheap son of a bitch. Hey, I bought the coffee today, paly. I put money in for the coffee. And when does Opie ever put money in for the goddamn coffee, Ben? Ben, don't you dare. It is me, Ben, even stinky. You son of a bitch. I think even stinky foot the bill once or twice. I put money in for the coffee Friday. And I just gave him four bucks today for one cup of coffee. It was the Dukes. It was the Dukes. I got to rent that movie. Hallelujah. Yeah, I don't think Opie has bought the coffee once. This medium coffee today cost me four bucks. So come on, Ben. Thank you. Let's deal in reality here. Anthony did throw in $10, but stinky had already left. He made, you know how much money he made today? Do you know how much money he made today? My life is changing. Come on. I'm starting to think that I need to do a little short-term trading. Walking around the halls bragging. I'm not bragging. Did he brag at lunch? Who? Ant, when we were walking out the door. No, I think they just heard me yelling from inside the office. Come on, Tray, go through. God damn it. You're a lunatic, an absolute lunatic. I'm yelling at the computer. Actually put down the video games today so I could play the best video game of all, Wall Street. It's a fun game. I'm impressed. You only get one try at it. No, I said we come in three or four hours before the show. Our priorities are all f-ed up. When do we start talking about the show, Anthony? When did we get on? We have a whole system of things we do, and none of it involves trying to get ready for a radio show. No, not at all. Calling brokers, checking out stock quotes, playing a little video game. Well, I guess the old boss gave us one thing to do. That was one good thing. Yeah, the old boss taught us all about the stock market. We'd go into meetings. I guess someday we will thank him. Meetings that were supposed to be about the show. We were supposed to talk about the show, and we'd sit there, and he'd have the stock ticker on, on the TV. We're like, what's that? What does that do? Look at that. Oh, wow. I just bought some American Express, and I took it out of it. Like, what? What happened? And he kind of explained it, you know? He explained options. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's great. Oh, no better feeling in your gut than when your options are ready to expire. And you got any puts? Huh? No, you know something? I don't bet against these stocks. I wait until the real good ones take a dump, and then I buy calls. That's it. They're coming back. I give them a month. They come back. Well, let's take a break. Like a bad rash. Let's take a break here. Congratulations on your big win today in the stock market. Thank you. Thank you, Opie. I'm feeling pretty good. Feeling all good about yourself, right? I'm feeling pretty good. Well, I did dump $500 on my brakes for my truck and an oil change. I don't have a car. I'm so glad right now. Say hi to Dean down there at the mobile station. Dean? He takes care of me, hooked me up. I'm looking for a truck. No one has them in stock, though, what I want. What do you want? Isuzu. Thinking Grand Cherokee. Oh, yeah? Going for the Jeep. Um, what about the Jeep? My Grand Cherokee? The, uh, the Jeep. No, the, uh, help me out, Ben. What are you writing notes up? I had to drive the purple car. I had to drive the purple car around yesterday. Wait a minute, what? The Cabrio? Let's take a break. With all the guys? Yeah. Oh, how much of a nagging did you do? All right, let me take a break, and we'll talk about the guys' weekend. A couple of the guys came out to the island, living it up in Huntington with me over the weekend. We'll talk about that next, and whatever you guys want to talk about. 212-757-1027. Hey, New York. This is Vince McMahon of the WWF, and you're listening to the greatest tag team in radio, Opie and Anthony, on 1027 WNEW. You guys have deteriorated to the unbelief right now. The Opie and Anthony Show. Thank you. 1027 WNEW. The Opie and Anthony Show. Yes, we are here in a good mood. It's Monday. What's up? How much? Dave from Stanford, Connecticut, on the Instant Feedback. Call me crazy, but taking market advice from ONA is like taking child rearing advice from an abortion doctor. That's right. So don't listen. Don't listen to anything Anthony has to say. But I do believe he has figured out the market, and he's not sharing with us. Oh, he hints. He hints and tells us a little bit about what he's doing. But actually sharing and saying, Opie, give me like 10, 20 grand. I'm going to make you an S-load. Oh, no. No, you know why, Opie? I am playing the nothing to lose game. If you know what I mean. You take the money that you're not going to have anyway in a few months. So you know you're losing this money. Well, pretty much. OK. So worse than capital gains tax. Worse than capital gains, yeah. I understand taxes, people. Don't worry about it. Yeah. But you know, you try to get as much as you can while you can. And it's, let's just say, a very aggressive strategy. I wouldn't do this with your retirement funds. You know what I mean? But you just go to town. Go crazy. So your strategy is knowing you're going to lose, well, it could be a lot of money. Yeah. OK. You're going to lose some cash. Let's put it this way. You have a sum of money. Right. You know you're going to lose a lot of that sum of money. Yes. So what the hell? Might as well gamble a lot of that money. Take it away. Yeah. Let it ride. Let it ride. Let it ride. Dumb legs in the fifth at Belmont. It's almost as bad as just taking all this money that you know you're going to lose a lot of. Yeah. And putting it on black down there in Atlantic City. If I was closer to AC, I'd do that. But I'll tell you, we should do that. Come on. Let's do it. Take everything just black. Well, not even everything. Just a good, nice chunk of money and see what happens. Just black. Like a 10, 15 grand. We'll go down there. Lop it down. We'll broadcast live. Black. Black. One bet. One bet. What do you think? Mmm. I like it. You do? Hell yeah. I think we should. Black. We should. One bet. Why not? Oh, that would rock. Oh, that would be horrible. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh, I am looking for a Dodge Durango. Jim, yes I am. Oh, look at that. Well, I can't drive this Cabrio anymore. Yeah, now, you know, I have this great strategy. You know, I'm like, ah, it's winter time. You know, I'm commuting on the Long Island Railroad. I'll buy the, I'll drive the car that I bought Sandy. The Cabrio. The Cabrio. The chick car. That's a Cabriga. That's supposed to just go to the, you know, the beaches in my area. Right. And a little like, you know, errands around town. Little car. It's made for a chick. So my lease was up. So I'm like, ah, screw it. I don't need the car during the week. I think I can handle driving it, you know, maybe an hour on the weekend. Right. I do what I have to do. Yeah. I can't handle it anymore. Well, you made the mistake because you invited out the guys. Psycho Mark and Ben came out for the day. And now you have to cart them around in the Cabrio. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I would have rented a car for the weekend just to keep the abuse factor down. Not only that, our buddy Jay from Boston came down. Yeah. He's got the Grand Cherokee, another car I really like. Our favorite drunk, Jay. And he refused to drive the Grand Cherokee this weekend. I'm like, come on, let me drive your car. We're not going to drive all over creation in this stupid Cabrio. Oh, yeah. He's got a nice truck now. So I had to drive the Cabrio down to Little Italy. What? Yeah. Wait, can I turn my mics off? What were you going to say? Oh, all right. I can get that. I don't have any of my sounds yet. But yeah, I had to drive the Cabrio to Pizano for a little Italian feast. Yeah. Oh, you went to Pizano's too. I had a great time Saturday at Pizano. I want to say hi to Pete and the gang. And then we had to drive the Cabrio all the way down to New Brunswick. Ha! Cabrio. Ha! For Lewis Black. Oh, yeah. Oh, you went to see Lewis. Dude, I was driving all over. Look at this fun-filled weekend with the guys and the Cabrio. I was driving all over the place with this stupid Cabrio. Was Fez with you? Shut up! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Rude and rude. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Ha! All right. Is that the horn of the Cabrio? Hey! Ha! Ha! Ha! What kind of host I am, though? Ben and Psycho Mark, they come out to Huntington. You know how rocking it is for St. Patty's Day, you know? Oh, yeah. Got to thank Pat and the gang at Mears for treating us all very nicely. We're thanking a lot of people this month. Hell yeah. We had a lot of fun at Mears and Huntington. And Ben and Psycho Mark, they take a train out to my town there. And I refused to pick them up. I made my brother pick them up first. Why? Because of the Cabrio? Because of the Cabrio? Ha! I was too lazy. I was on the couch watching the real world road rules challenge. Off of the 18th time. So Mark calls and says, we're at the train station. I go, Mark, I'll be there in 20 minutes after my show is over. F! Really? You're coming out? You're a guest of OPI? What a CSer, yeah. Did you stay at the palatial OPI manor for any length of time? Yeah, we got a summer. Yeah. The tree house. The tree house. And you guys thought we were making money. See what I learned? Tom! This is better than this! That's, you know something? And it's funny because the first time I met OPI, and I started doing a show at night, a couple of nights a week at most, there was a turning point. OPI goes, hey, come over to my house. You know, we'll talk about the show and some ideas and some options maybe that we can get a show to maybe go to another city. You know, just planning out the OPI and Anthony strategy. So he invites me to the house in Northport. I'm thinking, oh, Northport. Right on the water. I'm finally going to see it. I bet it's just a view of the harbor and everything. It's going to be beautiful, right? I drive up to the biggest asshole house I've ever seen and it's OPI's house! It totally, like, put things in perspective. And then I thought, well, maybe this is just his summer place. I swear, I thought it was like his summer house. I figured everyone on the radio's got to make a lot of money. It ain't the case. No, not at all. Or you wouldn't be playing the stock market like you did. Tell me about it. You wouldn't have time for that if you were making the real bucks. Exactly. But no, we had fun, right? What did we do? We drank all day. Drank? What, you forget or just pass out? I don't remember. Psycho Mark is a sick F. You know how he does that? You have a 50-cal? Right. Throughout the whole bar, horrifying chicks. That's what I do best. Did Will make a visit out to Long Island? Will didn't even come out! Will wasn't there. Will played the artist and didn't show up. Every time Psycho Mark goes to a bar and puts a few on, he goes up to these really hot chicks and goes, hey, I'm Will Pindarvis from K-Rock. How you doing? And the girls just look at him horrified. Hey, give me your number, hot babe. I'm Will. It's the funniest thing you'll ever see. Now, he was doing better stuff. The place, you couldn't move yesterday. St. Patrick's Day, Huntington. It's a big deal. Psycho Mark is giving the how much sign to chicks across the bar. Oh my. And then doing the BJ face. You know all that. That was his deal, though. That was his deal yesterday as we're trying to hang out and party. Wonderful. How much? It almost worked. Let's go to Chris. What a mess you guys are in. Hey, Chris, what's going on? Hey, I want to talk about the Lewis Black Show Saturday. Yeah. It was awesome. What show were you at? I was at the 830 show. Yeah, I went to the 11 o'clock show, man. You were? It was awesome. I had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. You were? It was awesome. I had a great time. Lewis was on, man. It was just so cool. I got to thank someone else, Vinny and the gang at the Stress Factory. Definitely. Vinny was great. He did really well. They run a great little establishment down there in New Brunswick. It was a small place, but it was just awesome. Small place, but they do it upright and you can tell the guy cares about his club, man. Yeah, it was very good. I'd love to see Jay Moore there. That would be just awesome. Not a bad idea. Yeah. Yeah, but Lewis Rock, definitely. It was good. That was the first time I saw him and I, wow, I highly recommend you go see him next time he's in the area. Definitely. Syndication now, guys. All right, Chris, thank you. All right, see you later. All right, bye. Bye. Another week of syndication now. All right. I think we're all getting up on that slowly but surely. Karen, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Formerly Stinky Karen, what's up? What's up? Oh, hey, you even smell better over the phone. Of course, Karen, the star of the Friday show, had a little bubble bath with two fine dancers from Privilege. Well, what happened? What did he say? You farted? Yeah. By that mic. God damn. Shirts up. Dude, I saw what you ate after we drank. Maybe we're talking to Karen. We may as well just relive some of the memory. An Irishman the day after St. Patty's. I saw what he ate after we drank. I'm not taking any chances. I'm not waiting for it to waf over here. Must have looked like a salad shooter in the bowl. Dude, corned beef and cabbage. Oh, no. With a Greek salad. I think he had baked clams on top of it. I'm not taking any chances. The Irish breakfast, the cheese, the bread, the cheese, the cheese. I'm not taking any chances. The Irish breakfast, the champions. I just think the air current is in my favor today. I don't smell anything coming over here. I think we're safe. So what's up, Karen? I just got a little tidbit for you. When I was going to the Met, to be in my art history class, I was on time. Let me explain really fast. Karen did the bubble bath on Friday with the dancers from Privilege. Great footage, by the way, on foundrymusic.com. They got a lot of clips up there. A lot of people checked it out live Friday thanks to the Spaz camp. And you stayed late. You had to meet your art class at the Met. That's how we left it. You finally ran out with smelling like whore, basically, between the bubble bath and the strippers. Forget about it. And you left and you met up with your art class. What happened? I just made it. They were walking out and getting ready to go in. And so I just made it. And I went through that yada yada yada. I get home, right? I have the biggest lipstick stain on my chin. On your chin? On my chin, dude. And I totally didn't even know until I got home, but nobody said anything to me. Wow. Thank God you didn't take your clothes off to pose. You would have saw a lot more. A lot more lipstick stains all over your cans. I was so embarrassed. I was like, oh my God, when I got home, I was like, oh God. Wow. Did you shower today? How are you doing? Yes, I showered today. You're using the soap and everything? Yes. Very good. All right, Karen. All right. I decided to share that with you guys. But thank you so much for Friday. That was a lot of fun. No, we have to thank you. I still haven't gotten through all the email from Friday's show. Unbelievable reaction. You want to be artist formerly known as Stinky Karen. That's right. All right. All right, great. Thanks, guys. Thanks, Karen. Talk to you later. Bye. Bye. I hope she doesn't give up any lucrative jobs like McDonald's for that art career because I'll tell you, from that drawing she brought in here, it looked like, I swear to God, the arm and leg proportions were out of a thalidomide baby. It was really bad. I've got to be honest. She was all proud. She goes, look what I did in art class. Like, huh, you find things like that hanging up on a fridge from a kindergarten kid. All right, well, we're just getting started here. I was thinking that there was anything to mention about my weekend, but it was, you know, I saw a movie. It was just a good time. I went to the movies. Well, which one you say? Mission to Mars. Number one at the box office this weekend, Antoine's. I guess a lot of other people were suckered in. Oh, really? Movie Blue. You didn't like it? No. It was really bad. I would do a little review on it if we got to go to a break or something. I could tell you about that F'ing Ruski behind me with his cell phone. All right, we could take a quick break and we'll do that. And then, let's talk about Mission to Mars. Yeah. And let's also talk about the raising of the wooly mammoth crap the Discovery Channel threw at us last night. Ah. I thought this thing was going to be something, but... It was going to be a cool show. They were going to pull a wooly mammoth out of the ice. Yeah. But it didn't happen. I didn't see it. I had a few problems with the show, Anthony. All right. Quick break. We'll be back. Stay there. You guys can punch like you pissed me off, okay? One, oh, two, seven, W-N-E-W. Anthony! Yes? Got to welcome Dr. Philotoff and Diamond Vision back to the Opie and Anthony show. Oh, my God. This guy is Opie's savior. Yeah. All of a sudden, Opie... Now it's just commonplace. I think about a month or so after you got the laser vision correction, the Diamond Vision procedure done, you wouldn't shut up every two seconds. Hey, I could read this. Hey, my eyes are great. Hey, I was on the train. I looked out the window. Oh, I could read something on the side of the oil tanks. You know, and we're thinking big whoop. But then you really think about it. It's a miracle. What the Lord did not give Opie, good vision, Dr. Philotoff was able to. To this day, I leave the house every day looking for my glasses. I'm like, oh, yeah, I don't need them anymore. And my shoes. Yeah, it still freaks me out. You know how bad the rain was on Saturday? I mean, horrendous downpour. And we had to drive all the way to New Brunswick for the Lewis Black Show. I would not... I wouldn't even do that drive with my glasses. Yeah. You know, and I'm doing it without glasses because I got the new 2015 vision thanks to Dr. Philotoff and Diamond Vision. Turned you into a madman. Look at you driving in the rain. You animal. You know that he's performed over a thousand procedures, Anthony? Including LT. Really? He did Lawrence Taylor's eyes. Was he missing the pipe with his mouth? He's done Tiki Barber. Yeah. And Sue Wicks. All right. Dr. Philotoff is now... Who did they play for? Dr. Philotoff is now calling himself the Doctor of the Stars, Anthony. Oh, my God. It's going to his head a little bit. But it should go to his head because he's pretty much a god in everyone's eyes that gets this procedure done. Absolutely. He's got three convenient offices in Manhattan, Westport and Greenwich. And here's the big news, gang, all right? Due to an enormous response for the Valentine's Day promotion that we did a little while ago, Anthony? Yes. Diamond Vision would like to again give the gift of sight to one of our faithful listeners, Anthony. What you got to do is contact Diamond Vision and Dr. Philotoff. He's going to put you in the running for a complimentary vision correction and a free exam. If you enter the last time we did this, you will automatically be entered in the contest, all right? Oh, my God. Not everyone can afford this procedure, so this is the doctor's way of saying thank you to the O.P. and Anthony fans. You know who Dr. Philotoff is like? Jesus Christ. Remember Jesus would walk around and heal people, randomly heal people like that for nothing. Just go by blind person, boom, leper, boom. Dr. Philotoff is just taking people and for free, if you win, if you win the contest, yes, he will heal you like Jesus Christ. For free, he will heal you like Jesus Christ. Yes, Dr. Philotoff of Nazareth. Dr. Philotoff of Diamond Vision, give them. Oh, Diamond Vision. What did you say? I said of Nazareth. Oh, my Jesus. Give Diamond Vision a call. It's 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020. And if you need that number, just give us a call here and we'll give that to you, okay? Dr. Philotoff and Diamond Vision. Opie and Anthony. What other radio show is going to give you like intelligent talk about stocks and girls playing once in my pants? Yes. The Opie and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. All right, and so you were saying. Yes. You went to see Mission to Mars over the weekend? Yeah, it blew. You know, the commercials look pretty cool. Any kind of space movie, I'm into it. You know, it looked like they really depicted Mars pretty good. Nice. So, I don't know. I don't know what they did. The story, it was slow. It was silly. And it wasn't, didn't hold my attention. And for a space movie, it's got to be really bad because I just like those things. Was it a long movie? It seemed it. Yeah. Seemed pretty long. Maybe the guy behind you was distracting you. Maybe that was it. You know something? I swear they ought to, when they rip your ticket at the front, hand out guns to everybody. And you're allowed, if you walk in, it means you have given up your right to live if you have a cell phone in there. Or yapping kids. Because there was a guy behind me, some Russian guy. And I'm going to make a blanket statement right now. All you Russians are inconsiderate bastards, okay? Just because one guy pissed you off. Blanket statement. That's all. And there was a Russian guy behind me with his kid. Obviously his kid wanted to see the movie. So we took the kid. He didn't care about it. Well, let me stop you there. Is this a kid's movie? Well, any space movie, you'll get more kids to. But is it catered to adults? No, I think what they were trying for was a 2001, a Space Odyssey thing. And it just wasn't quite there. So the guy behind me brings his kid, obviously it was just for the kid. Because he spent the whole time with the... Brrr, brrr, brrr. Well, pretty much. What the bangers were doing. That's what I wish. Not even a conversation I could listen to. Maybe it was in English and it was interesting, more interesting than the movie. I'd listen. What the hell? That's what I wish. That's what I wish. That's what I wish. I wish. I wish. Boris Batonov sitting behind me. Great. Talking to Natasha about the moose and squaddle. I'm trying to watch the movie. So at first I'm just like... Brrr, brrr. Oh, good. Who is it? You know, I'm kind of being sarcastic and catching the attention of a few people. How many times did it ring? Three times during the movie. So the first time I'm like, whatever, okay, maybe it's an urgent call from the Kremlin. I don't know. So I'll leave it alone. The second time I said that whole thing, hello, yes, hello, who is it? Being all sarcastic. The third time it rings and he's talking. I'm like, okay, I'll give him a couple of minutes. Just because the movie sucked so bad. If it was a good movie, first ring, goodbye. But the movie sucked, okay, I can live with it. This is going on ten minutes. Ten minutes. He's right behind my head. Because you know what he's doing? The kid is leaning back in his seat watching the movie. So as not to disturb the kid, he leans all the way forward to the back of my seat. Now he's an inch from the back of my head. He's right in your ear. He's in my ear so he doesn't think I'm there. So you had a Russian in your ear. A Russian was in my ear. In your ear. In my rear? I said in your ear. In my rear. No, the Russian was in my ear. In your ear. Yes. Yeah. What? Yeah, he was right in my ear. In your ear. Yeah. Yeah. What was he doing, you know, in your ear? Talking. Whispering sweet nothings. Alright. Oh, come on. He didn't touch your ear. No. Nope, no touching. Okay. Hey! For some reason he wanted to talk right next to your ear. Right next to my ear. Right. You're an asshole. Well, it might be my Long Island accent or something. Yeah. Alright, go ahead. My ear. In your ear. He wouldn't shut up. Right. He finally turned around and as he's talking, looked him square in the eyes and just stared at him like I'm staring right at him a foot away. Just staring at him. And he's still, oh, he's staring right back at me. Not stopping. He wasn't stopping. So I'm staring. I go, you've got to, this loud in the movie theater. You've got to be kidding me. At which point he came out of his trance. So wait, wait, wait. So he was looking you in the eye when he was next to your ear. Yeah, kind of hard to do, huh? A little bit. Alright, so how did that? That old gag. I know. So how did it end? He got up at that point and walked out of the theater. Which I think made a few other people happy too. Because you get to hear that little cheer like, hey. It's like you kicked somebody out that was being a real a-hole. But my God, the cell phones in the theaters, turn the goddamn thing off. You went to a movie. You're not alone in your living room. Well, there's a lot of places where cell phones should be turned off. Rude and rude. The other one is the Long Island Railroad. Or any railroad for that matter. The Long Island Railroad, after a long day, this was on Friday, you get in one of those cars where everyone is snoozing. Everyone. Right, right. You don't have the bar car. I mean, if you want to have fun, you go to the bar car. You get a few wobbly pops before your wife that you hate picks you up at the train station. They got strippers in there now too. They should. They might as well. But there are some of those cars where everyone is asleep. And that's how they're going to deal with their commute home. They want to catch a couple of Z's, okay? Yeah. So I'm out cold. My face is up against the window. I'm drooling on myself. And behind me, obviously this guy just got his cell phone turned off. Ah, the person that has to call everyone for no reason. Exactly, because he just got his cell phone. Hey, I'm talking. Guess where I am? Right, right. Guess where I'm calling you from? No, it gets worse than that. So I'm sitting there. I am out cold. I am snoring. I'm drooling. And also behind me, I hear, beep, beep, boop, beep, beep, beep. He's dialing someone up. It rings a couple of times. And this is what all I get to hear is, what's up? What's up? As loud as can be. As everyone in this car is trying to sleep. Great. He's got to let everybody in the car know that he's got a cell phone. So I scream. I don't even give it three times. I go, you've got to be kidding me. That seems to be the thing you say. Right. To the point where a few people started laughing right away. So now we all go back to sleep. Next thing you know, beep, boop, boop, beep, beep, beep. What's up? Oh my God. Dude, it's a stupid commercial. Okay, we've all done it. But on a train while we're all trying to sleep? Oh, public stonings. If you're annoying enough people, stonings. Bring him back. Come on. Was he doing this right in your ear? That's where the phone's here. Let's talk to Lou. Lou, you're next on WNEW. What's going on today, man? I lived in Brooklyn my whole life, and we moved out because of the Russians. And we're not talking Brian Beach. Wait, wait. Let me learn a little something here. My buddy's now living in Brooklyn. Anthony, there's a lot of Russians in Brooklyn? Lots of Ruskies right off the boat. I'm not talking second generation where you learned, you assimilated to society. I'm talking the ones off the boat that have no concept of the American way of life. They are the rudest bunch of sons of bitches you're ever going to see. Ever. I did not know that. Blanket statement, the whole race yaddle-doodle. I thought it was just Italians in Brooklyn. No. And the darkies. Brooklyn, Brooklyn, very diverse depending on which section you go. There's a lot of Italians. Then there's Asian sections and a lot of Russians. And Jews, a lot of Jews, acidic Jews. I did not know that. And you moved a little because of the Russians in Brooklyn. It's a melting pot open. We lived in a pretty much Italian neighborhood, and now it's Russian all over. And the funny thing is our house used to, you know, we used to have our garbage cans next to each other, and you could look in their recycling bin. All alcoholics. You know, the day before the recycling truck came, all alcohol, malt liquor, whiskey, anything, whatever you want to think of. All drugs. Yeah. What was the final straw that said, you know what, I got to get the hell out of Brooklyn? We just were getting tired of not knowing our neighbors. And actually one I remember was a work night. I had to get up really early in the morning, and it was the middle of the summer, and they're in the backyard with like doing like a campfire thing with guitars, and they're singing. Me and my wife just looked at each other and said, no, that's it. We're out of here. Old Russian songs they used to sing as they paraded the missiles through Red Square. Nice. All right, Lou, thank you. Okay, guys. Bye. There goes Lou. Whoa, let's go to Phil. Phil, what's up? Hello? Hey, Phil. Yo, it's Bill. What's up, guys? Hi, Bill. Yo, I got two comments. First, Mission to Mars. I go with five guys and one girl. Best thing, my friend Jay. Sitting there, and you know how the black guys survive? Yeah. My friend Rob goes, why the hell does he get to live? Of course, we're sitting by like five, six, ten, twenty. The whole theater is full of them. Oh my gosh, full of them. Yes. And my friend Jay, who is the nicest guy in the world, belts out because he's black. I was like, oh man. Wow. And yeah. The movie blew? Yeah, it was terrible, man. It was the biggest waste of $9. I swear to God. It was just a bad movie. There was nothing. It sucked. The story sucked. At least you didn't have a guy in your ear. I know. And wait, wait. Talking about in the rear and cell phones. No, I said in your ear. Oh, in the ear. I'm sorry. That's what I've been saying. Of course. But cell phones. Listen to this. I'm on spring break. I go to Stevens and Hoboken, right? And I got a doctor's appointment today. Of course, with my father, he takes off work, so we've got to go to the proctologist. And this is no joke. My dad's on the table. I'm out in the waiting room. The doctor's cell phone rings while my dad's being examined. Okay, terrific. I'm on a cell phone right now and I'm outside because my father hates these things. And of course, the damn thing rings when he's on the table. And you love that. Love that feedback. Unbelievable. I'll break his microphone one of these days. Slamming that thing. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, guys. I'm going to go to the proctologist now. Thank you. Alright. Bye-bye. Live mission to Mars, father gets the pipe story. Let's go to Natalie. Hi, guys. This is Natalia. Hey. Natalia. I stormed into Mars this weekend and that's two and a half hours of my life that I'm never getting back. Yeah, see? I'm really upset about that. It was the number one movie in the country. Watch the drop off next week. That's like one of those movies where they show all the good parts in the preview and the movie blows. Yeah, like Gary Sinise's Cole and stuff. It looked like there was going to be some good special effects. I feel like I know Gary Sinise's face like the back of my hand. I don't know how many more angles they could shoot Gary Sinise's face from. One guy in Line 9 says, who was the guy with the eyeliner and then the Mars guy? Gary Sinise. That was Gary, right? At one point he was wearing eyeliner, face makeup and what looked to be lip gloss, I swear to God it looked like he was doing a drag scene and they just pulled the wig off. It was awful. He had that much makeup on his face. They all had like lip gloss on the whole movie. They did just come out of a cat stick commercial. You know the makeup in today's movies have gotten really, really bad. More than not you can see the makeup on these actors' faces and stuff. Like the guys wearing the lipstick and stuff. It's terrible. Well I just wanted to say too that the other night I was at a dinner with my parents who were suddenly my father's birthday and we're sitting there in this really fancy restaurant eating dinner and I start going, Killa Kitten. I start singing Killa Kitten then, like dinner with my parents. That's pretty funny. Yeah, it was good. My brother is singing Baby Rafer with his friends and freshman year. It's great. Cool, thanks. You know what I had stuck in my head all weekend? The most offensive song you'll ever hear. I sing that one in the shower all the time. All freaking weekend. That's funny man. You guys rock. I wanted to kill myself. In case of now. The one I had stuck was Kill a Feet, it's done a footloose. Yeah? It doesn't get any better than that. They just get stuck in your head man. Catchy little ditties. So when are the cool movies going to be in the theaters? I walk by the movie theater every weekend and I'm like, I look up, see what I want to see. I don't want to see any of this crap. I'm going to go see American Beauty again. Yeah, because it's back in the theaters. I'd rather see that again than any of the movies that are out. They re-release the ones that are Oscar nominees. And then I guess right about now before the Oscars come out and they don't really release anything. You have to wait until after. You just saved me some serious cash. I'm not going to go see Mission to Mars. Yeah, it looked like from the commercials it looked like it was going to be good. Blue. Blue. The preview looked great. Yeah, seems cool. All right. Blue. Let's go to Joe. He hates Russians too, Anthony. Here we go. Joe, you're next. What's up? Joe! You're on. Don't listen to the radio. Hello? You're on the radio, loser. Now let me tell you something, buddy. I freaking hate Russians more than anybody on the planet. Oh yeah? We can't even go anywhere, these people. They're all over the place. And Brooklyn, forget about it. Hey, Rich? Have you ever been in Century 21? No. Sucks. Just going anywhere? No. Thank you. Why do you hate... All right, goodbye. Bye. I waited 20 minutes to say nothing. Larry, you're next on WNEW. What's going on? Hey, ONA, what's going on? How are you? It's Al. Listen, didn't see Mission to Mars. However, I did see that stupid mammoth thing. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. The cool thing was those Indians, whatever the hell they are. They're Eskimos. I don't know. They look like Eskimos. I don't know if they were. The only thing I could think of is where the hell did they get cigarettes and how did they take a crap? I mean, they live in a park. These people, oh man, they live in the middle of just nowhere. Really? In these ice huts, they have their frozen fish on the roof of their ice huts. Great. Anyway, these Eskimo people or whatever they are, they found two huge woolly mammoth tusks, Anthony. Yeah. Which I didn't know before last night. It's pretty common to find remains of the woolly mammoth in that area. I did not know that. I thought it was pretty rare to find any piece of a woolly mammoth in this day and age. Well, woolly mammoths aren't like dinosaurs, which are millions of years old. They're only, what, like 20,000, 30,000 years old. This thing was like 22,000 years old at some point. They've been extinct for what, 10,000 to 12,000 years, they said last night, something like that. Does that make sense? Yeah. But I was surprised. I thought it was a pretty rare thing to find any piece of a woolly mammoth. Probably in one piece. But these Eskimos or whatever, they find the bones all the time. They're making weapons and stuff out of them like it's no big freaking deal. So they find the two big, huge woolly mammoth tusks, Anthony. So this scientific, the expedition finds the people and they go, all right, where did you find the tusks? So they go out in the middle of nowhere and they use some radar equipment and they realize that there's a whole woolly mammoth under the ground. Dude, bad though. That thing was so bad it wasn't even funny. Really? Oh, it was, oh God. So then, did you hear that thing, No Way to Land, that was on TBS or whatever? Oh, what, that movie? The airplane going through the, you know. Didn't say it. Got the poison gas. He wants to go to another movie. I know. Are we talking about the woolly mammoth or? Yeah, yeah. You're last acid flashback. Well, you know, he wants to talk about another movie. All right, so we all thought that this helicopter was going to raise a complete woolly mammoth. That was Ice Cube. Yeah, it was a block, they raised a block of ice after two hours. I thought I was going to see a woolly mammoth. Why didn't they defrost it? Because they don't want to defrost it because they want to try to clone this thing. Well, can't they defrost it, see what it looks like and put it in a freezer or something? No, what they're going to do is they're going to bring it into the ice caves or something in the middle of Russia and then they're going to like start chipping away and then maybe eventually we'll see what this thing looks like. Well, maybe they should have made the documentary after they chipped it out of it. Exactly. Because the posters and everything made it look like they were going to raise this thing up and you're going to be like, holy crap, that's a woolly freaking mammoth. They take the tusk, right? It turns out that the head of this creature is no longer around because that piece of the animal was above the lake or the pond that it fell in and it rotted away. The rest of it froze forever here. So they take the tusk they found and they just stick it in the block of ice so when they raise it up with this huge helicopter it looks like there might be a complete woolly mammoth in there but it wasn't. It was just a headless woolly mammoth with a stupid tusk sticking out of a block of ice. You saw nothing. It was a waste of time. I missed the sopranos last night. Yeah, it was bad. I missed everything because it was a stupid mammoth. Like you said, you saw the fur of the woolly mammoth and the guys taking a hairdryer and blowing stuff and that was kind of cool because they estimated this woolly mammoth was like 20,000 years old and you could still see the fur of the thing. The other guy was so excited because it smelled like dung and urine and that's kind of when I was like, okay. Okay, terrific. But it was a complete waste of time. Yeah, it was bad. Alright guys, take it in the rear. Bye. Bye. Alright man, we've got to take a break. Alright. We've got, actually this is, hold on, there it is, some feedback from Damon from Manhattan. Huge wow and okay terrific signs on the Today Show this morning on NBC. Oh yeah. And I also saw We Deliver Kegers on NBC's Today Show this morning and a bunch of other signs. Cool. Well the people that attacked the Today Show, some of those Psycho Mark psychopaths, they are right outside the studio Anthony with all the signs they had on the Today Show this morning. We've got to talk to them. And we'll do that next. Stay there. OP and Anthony. Well you guys are both stupid. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be gone heroin. OP and Anthony. You know, I don't like them after I watch. Be evil and love. 1027 WNEW. I could be a first on our show. Yeah. I'm a sweeper Anthony. Hey is this Limp Bizkit in? I do believe it's trust by Limp Bizkit. You know it's funny, speaking of Limp Bizkit, Friday night go over to pick up some food over at the Hard Rock, bring it back to the station, hang out, eat. I go over there, I'm waiting for the food. There's a table full of girls like 14, 15 years old. And George Michael's fate comes up on the screen and he's dancing. You gotta have faith. And they're saying, who's this fag ripping off Limp Bizkit? I was dying. And some guy that was with him said, no, no, Limp Bizkit did it second. He was the first one that did it. This is an old video. Yeah, they cut it. And they wouldn't believe it. They're like, no way. Who's this fag ripping off Limp Bizkit? I of course felt like a great grandfather. It makes you feel old when that happens. Then I went over to the table and offered him a drink. Limp Bizkit working on a new album, Anthony. Yes. It'll be out 4th of July, it looks like. And they're going to have a track on the Mission Impossible 2 soundtrack which comes out May 9th. Another movie that is probably going to blow. Definitely going to blow. Dave, what's up? How are you doing guys? Good, what's up? Good, nothing. Listen, there are a couple of good movies that you guys are missing the boat on. OK. Ninth Gate came out on the weekend. Let me tell you something. The pedophile knows how to make a movie. Roman Polanski. Roman Polanski. His wife is in it. She is hot. Maybe one of the best set of nipples I've ever seen in my life. How old is she? About 34 now maybe. She was in Frantic. I think he married her and then put her in that movie. And I haven't seen her since. But she is still a piece. Roman's setting the sights a little higher than 14. Yeah, for once. Well, Nino from the Bronx on the Instant Feedback. Bro, do not watch the Ninth Gate. It blows so bad, man. The best part is when she is screwing besides that it was such a piece of ass. No, the thing keeps you riveted. I mean it kind of sticks at the end a little bit. You may not like the last one second of the movie. But it keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. The man knows how to make a thriller. And aside from that, Anthony, if you like space movies, have you seen Pitch Black? I did. Did you like it? Yeah, I thought it was pretty good. So that was a decent movie. And how about The Boiler Room? That I'm waiting. That's the only one I've seen. That's the only one I want to see is The Boiler Room. You've got to see it quick. It's not going to be out that much longer. But for two guys that play the market, the movie is great and it's filmed locally. Brooklyn, Queens, Long Island, it's all familiar territory for all of us. I've heard nothing but good things about The Boiler Room. Unreal. You've got to go see Vin Diesel. The guy from Pitch Black is also in Boiler Room. But I mean, am I going to go see The Whole Nine Yards or The Cider House Rules? No. No. What gender are you? My dog Skip. I'm not seeing this crap. Who needs that? Now, the movies are up to like 10 bucks a pop. I've got to pick my movies wisely. You know what the problem was with the 2000s? Some of these movies, I swear to God, you should be able to get your money back after spending 10 bucks on a ticket. The bad thing about The Mission to Mars is they played the 2001 angle. It's like a cheap workbook of 2001 but without the psychedelia. Yeah, it was kind of lame. I don't know what they were going for. I don't know. And the whole thing seemed really kind of silly and hokey. Yeah, I know. My girlfriend told me she almost committed suicide seeing that. Anyway, boys, you're shripped. All right, thanks, Dick. Take care. I just say thanks to all of it now. I don't even know what it means. Let's go to Robin. Robin, you're next on WNEW. What's going on? Hey, guys. How are you? Pretty good today. Wow, that voice is shaking your head up. Listen, you didn't really miss so much on the sopranos last night. Well, I was too busy watching the raising of the woolly mammoth. It turns out to be a block of ice. How do I know there's a woolly mammoth inside? Well, first of all, it's the Discovery Channel and it sucks. What a waste of time. I'm still pissed. Then there's a commercial, then you're sucked into the raising of the woolly mammoth. They go to a commercial, so I quickly go to HBO to check out sopranos. I'm like, damn, this is looking pretty good, but now I can't turn on the sopranos halfway through. What did you say? Well, you know what? I saw the last five minutes and I got everyone pissed off in my living room. Well, put it this way. They found the guy, they shot him. I know. That's the scene I saw. Yeah. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. They shot him. I know. That's the scene I saw. That's it. And then Chris thought he went to hell, but he didn't go to hell. Yeah. It was boring. You really didn't miss any. Well, maybe it was probably better. Obviously, it was better than the Discovery Channel, but still. Well, the good news, though, I mean, they run the sopranos every night of the week, so I'll catch you one day this week. I know. All right. Don't worry. Syndication now, guys. Thank you, Robin. I thought I was watching the raising of the woolly mammoth thing, but it was just an old clip from the view of Star Jones walking in the snow. I was watching for like a good 10 minutes before I realized it wasn't the woolly mammoth. This isn't the raising of the woolly mammoth. Where are the tusks? No tusks. What a waste of time. I'm pissed. Yeah, sometimes you just waste a couple of hours and you're hoping the end justifies it. You're just assuming that it's going to get better, you know? Yeah. You know what was good? I rented this. The Boondock Saints with Willem Dafoe. Couple of Irish guys in South Boston killing guys from the Russian mob. That was a good rental. I checked that one out. Yeah, all that stuff. Yeah, Southie and all that. Southie. Yeah, a couple of Irish guys. And it's so funny. I read it and it's like a couple of Irish guys from Southie fighting the Russian mob moving into their neighborhood. The first dude, before the end of the credits, and I swear this is true, before the end of the credits, they were already fighting and drunk. And the credits were still rolling. It was the first two minutes of the movie. They're drunk and fighting. Psycho Mark was giving me all the Southie talk all weekend long. Psycho Mark originally from Southie. South Boston. Which is a very, very Irish area. Born on A Street, raised on B Street. I'm from Southie. We hate all you, you know what? You can say it. Very racist up there. All the Russians, they suck. Yeah, they don't only hate the Russians. You can say it. Southie is one of the most racist areas in the entire country. Keep all your niggas in Rocksbury and Rochester. All the gooks, though. We hate them slant nights. Any of you colored come to Southie. You're going to get your eyes handed to you. Oh, my God. It's amazing. We went to Southie on St. Patrick's Day a few years ago. That was two years ago. Oh, my God. At the parade, they throw bottles at the gays. Because the gays have to march. Hey, you effing faggot. Get out of that parade. This is our neighborhood, our parade. Get out, you faggot. We'll kick you in the balls. And then it's just great. Walking home from the Southie St. Patrick's Day parade, it's playing pew cop scotch. It's just vomit in the streets. One thing they didn't do in Southie is triple parking. It's a great feature. Triple parking. That's nice. This is all the stuff I had to hear this weekend with Psycho Mark. They triple park to go into the bars, right? They triple park. If you're double parked, you're screwed. They'll triple park you right in. If you're parked next to the curb, forget about it. You're done. You better drive on the sidewalk. The best is the 14-year-old mother's world. The best is the 14-year-old mother's walking around with the babies in the baby carriages and they all come up to each other. Do you go to my fed Bobby's house? I'm going to kick you in the can before. I'm going to punch you in the teeth. Meanwhile, they get their baby sitting right there and they're slapping the piss out of each other. And the babies are crying. And they're like 14 with their sneakers on. It's just like the Saturday Night Live bit, man. You live that bit. You have no idea. I used to live next to this basketball court. They'd be playing basketball until 3 in the morning. Bobby, get your ass in the house, you stupid bastard. I'll kick your ass, you stupid little faggot. They'd be screaming and yelling. Boston's hysterical like that. They like to come across as Mayor Menino up there. Boston is a very diverse city. The guy talks like this. His tongue is like a cow tongue. You ever go to the store and see cow tongue sitting there? Take cow tongue, shove it in big fat man's mouth. There you have Menino. Boston is very diverse. It's a virtual melting pot. Yeah, virtual melting pot, diverse. And it's so segregated. All that diversity is chain linked off to each other. You go to Roxbury, you go to Dorchester, you got the blacks. Saudi, you got the Irish. North End, you got the Italian. And don't cross lines, man. They will kick your ass. It's the most segregated city in the world. It truly is. In the country, I do believe. It's amazing. Saudi, we love Saudi. We go there for the take back, believe. I drink a lot. It is one of the most racist cities you'll ever go to. Mike, what's going on? I went to undergrad up there. You went to undergrad in Boston? Yeah, I'm a black man too. And I'm telling you, this week, you hibernate. It's true, man. You don't want to come out. They say, why aren't you wearing something green? We say, F the green. Oh, that's a good thing. That's the green. All right. I brought the Irish pile on the nigger. Pile on the nigger. We get our revenge because somebody always gets housed. A carload of Irish kids always house one of our boys. And what we would always do is go play ball in one of the white neighborhoods and purposely start a fight after it. Correct. The second Mark was telling me this weekend that there was some kind of racial incident where they used to throw bananas at the school buses. Holy smoke. In Saudi? In Saudi? Oh my God. Let me give a community belt. I was in undergrad during busting up there. It was wild. It's still wild. You guys got that right. Yeah, it's one of the most racist cities you'll ever go to. They try and hide it. They say now 51% of the voting population in Boston was born and raised outside of Massachusetts. Yeah, but the verbal ones, the real vocal people, are still the locals. And they're berserk. They are berserk. Saudi is a scary little area, man. And we try to keep the colors out. Yeah, but you know what? There's no reason, there's still no reason to be black and in that neighborhood after 5 p.m. I mean, a lot of people work there. But there's nothing there. I know. I kind of say, like, look, leave them alone in their little community. Yeah, well, and a lot of the white guys don't go to Roxbury or Dorchester. Take care, guys. All right. Thank you, Mike. It's like so segregated. Amazing. Let's bring this up. Hey, nothing, bud. Yeah, kick us out because we said that you were dead and you weren't really, you stupid mayor. But he's got a city running there like they might as well just set up barbed wire, some concertina wire, and mounted 50 cows at the border every town. Keep out, stay out, you niggas. We'll shoot you. Say how? Anthony. Yo, what's up, guys? What up? Listen, I live in Brooklyn, right? And we got a neighborhood in Brooklyn called Garrison Beach. It's like the Brooklyn equivalent of Southie. Lowlife Irish shanty living. I hate them. I hate them. All right. We have our own hatred right here in New York, too. You know what? The Russians, the Russians, they're like upper class people compared to the Irish that live in Garrison Beach. The inbred, they marry their cousins. They all live on the same block. Man, what part of Brooklyn you living now? I ain't telling you. Well, don't go to Garrison Beach or they'll see your dog can't edit. Think you're Puerto Rican. Yeah, that happens anyway. Listen, listen. Opie, I know you're Irish. You know, no hard feelings. I'm not Irish. I look Irish. Really? Don't doubt it. We can't say that. I know the reason why Anthony doesn't know anything about basketball. All right. Because his mother never slept with a basketball player. Very funny. But you're right. All right. Take care, fellas. Bye. You know, those kids have been patiently waiting out there for like an hour. We've got to get them in next. They had all sorts of signs on the Today Show this morning, Anthony. We'll get into that in just a few minutes, I promise. Stay there. Opie and Anthony, in my day, radio was boring all the time. And we liked it that way. And tell that dirty Sanchez guy to take a bath. Hey, Anthony Mountain Dew, the official soft drink of the NCAA wants to send you to the Final Four. Yeah. Finally, we got all the teams up on the WNAW website, right, Anthony? Mm-hmm. This is a great, great thing. We got all the teams up on www.wnaw.com. You register. You have to pick which four teams are going to the Final Four, Anthony. Yeah. Do you have your Final Four picks? I know 14th-seeded Iona. You're going for Iona? Yeah, that's right. Iona? Yeah, that's one of my picks. And then I'll throw in a few more. I'm going with the retard verdict. What do you mean? Well, Spazz is from Iona. Where's my pick? So I think they're just going to win as like a goof. So I have them picked. No offense to our Iona listeners. They're not going to win anything. No, huh? St. John's, baby! Oh, yeah? St. John's! Nothing's ever happened like that? The Redmond! Screw this Red Storm crack. A 14th-seeded thing? No, that's a number one. That bad? So many white people on the team? What is it? What's the problem? Iona? I think it's... Spazz is tall. There's something in the water, I think. I don't know. Iona's going nowhere. My four picks, Anthony. Ready? Okay. Here's Hope's picks. Duke? Yeah. Looking real good over the weekend. St. John's? St. John's. Got to go for St. John's. No, I got my picks. I'm also going with Connecticut. UConn? UConn. And I think I have to go Syracuse this year. All right. Those are your picks. Yes. I'll have to pick the Reds. Wait, you got a list of all of them there? Yeah. Let me take a look. College basketball and Anthony. This should be interesting. Let me take a look. I do have to point out, I'm not really going for many underdogs. I mean, Duke's number one in their seed, UConn's fifth, Syracuse's fourth, and St. John's is two. I'm going for all favorites this year. Okay. Yeah, you're not really going out on a limb there. No, I'm not going out on a limb, Anthony. Okay. So you're picking Iona, which is one of your picks. Okay, three more. Do you know what bracket Iona's in? I'm looking. I'm looking at that one. Okay. No. Oh, there it is. Okay. Yeah, okay. So you can't pick another team in that bracket. I'm going with that one. All right. And then I'm thinking Cincinnati. That's not a bad pick. Yeah. Yeah. Cincinnati had a pretty good year. Okay. A very good year. Who am I saying? And then, how about Lamar? Lamar? Lamar? 15 and 15. Come on, stop fooling around. Okay. By the way, stop fooling around. Iona is a stupid pick. Cincinnati's okay. I can accept that. Give me two more. You can't pick Lamar. Is Iona bad because the whole division they're in just blows monkey ass? Because Iona's like 29 and 4. Yeah. So that sounds good on the outside. If you're playing midgets. Iona had a good year, but they don't really play any of the powerhouses, Anthony. Oh, you watch. I have faith. Okay. Their schedule's a little weaker than some of the others. I'll say Cincinnati. Cincinnati is a pretty good pick. And then let me go with one of our hometown favorites, Hofstra. Hofstra? Wait, Mike on line 9 is saying my picks suck. Mike, why do my picks suck? You hear what Anthony's picking? I know. I didn't get to hear Anthony's picking. Anthony's picking. Wait, let me give you Anthony's picks. He wants Iona. He wants Lamar. He wants Hofstra and he's going with Cincinnati. No, no. I took out Lamar for Hofstra. Oh, okay. That's better. That's much better. That's a good pick, Mike. No, no, no. They're just their best player. Who is that? He's just their best player. I don't know. I don't know anything about this. This is all I'm saying. Mike, what's the problem you have with my picks? It's just that you seem to think that the Big East is going to go pretty much 3 out of 4 there. Why not? Why not? It's happened before. It's happened before, but not this time. And Purdue, because I like the chicken. You've got to throw St. John's in there because I've always supported St. John's. They're peaking right at the right opportunity here at the right time. They play down to their teams though. They play up to their teams against the Duke game. What's your four picks really fast? I don't have the sheet in front of me right now, but I have Duke. Well, Duke, see, I have Duke. Yeah, I think Duke is going to win all the way this year. UConn is my long shot. UConn is my little light. Yeah, that's a tough shot right there. Yeah, I think so. And St. John's, you know, come on. Yeah, they're going to win this year. He's had a good year too. The Big East had a strong year. They really don't have that strong of a team to go play all those games straight. I'd have to get back to you on my picks. I've got to check the other things. Well, make sure you register for this contest. I damn right I am. All right, so do you have my picks? Are they written down somewhere? Write them down. Here it is, Anthony's picks. I'm going with Hofstra. Okay. Dude, I will give you a hundred bucks if one of your picks makes it to the final four. If one of them makes it to the final four? I will give you a hundred bucks per pick that makes it to the final four. Would you give me a hundred bucks back? No, you've got to give me odds if they're so stupid. I'll give you 25 bucks. A hundred bucks? All right, you give me a hundred. If none of the four make it in, I give you 25. Four to one odds. Both ways. You're picking just like I am. You've got to give me odds. All right, then be confident and give me a hundred bucks per team that makes it into the final four each way. Four to one odds. I give you 25. Don't have much money you made today. That's some language. You can call me a cheap ass. Wait a minute. You're a cheap bastard. Now let's do it. A hundred dollars per team that makes it into the final four either way. Wait, your team's a good team. So pick better teams. No, these are my team. You're going to say that my teams are going to be the final four? All right. What's the deal? I guess I'll pay off the winnings on that cruise ship money that you're supposed to give me. I've got to chip into that 600 today. Come on, help me out here. Okay, all right, here are my picks. Here's Anthony's four picks for the final four. All right, Hofstra. Hofstra. Cincinnati. The people are laughing. Wait, Aaron doesn't like your Cincinnati pick. Aaron, what's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? What is Ann on Dope? I know. The best player, he's got eight. Mike and the Mad Dog. Don't worry, we're only going to do one break on the NCAA. Oh, thanks. You know what I'm going for here? Cincinnati is kind of a bad pick, Ann. Yeah, he's only got their best players. They're the ones that know nothing about racing and they place a bet at the window. What happens? They lose. The goddamn horse comes in, they pick a cute name or something, or they like the color of the horse seat, and the damn thing wins. I know nothing about college ball. Ann's the cute girl at the track right now. That's me. I'm the hot babe at the track. What a loser. I'm not even going to explain myself. All right, thank you. All right, yeah, Cincinnati is a bad pick. I don't care. Hofstra, Cincinnati, and my favorite, I think going all the way, Iona. And then last but not least, I'm picking Purdue because I just love the chicken. Those oven stuffer roasters. All right, Ann, this is what I'm going to do. After hearing your picks, I will give you $200. Whoa, two to one odds. $200 per pick that makes it into the Final Four. In turn, you will give me $100 per pick that makes it into the Final Four. Agreed? Agreed. My picks once again, St. John's, Syracuse, Yukon, a lot of Big East in there, and Duke. Okay. All right, and yours, just for the record, one more time. Hofstra, Cincinnati, Iona, and Purdue. I'm rocking now. I think the guys flipped the net. James doesn't like either of our picks. James? Yeah? Not at all. All right, I got Stanford, I got Michigan State, going the whole way. I was this close to taking Michigan State today. Yeah, I got St. John's, though. My dad went to St. John's and we're a big St. John's family, and that's definitely one we're taking. And then on the other side, I got either Duke or Temple. I'm pretty up in arms with that. So if you take Duke, then you got two of my picks in the Final Four, so why are my picks bad? I was really going after Anthony. Oh, well, his are just ridiculous. Iona, come on, Ann. Come on. Those are the teams that make it a couple rounds and you start getting all excited, and then they finally show what they're really made of, and they suck. And Cincinnati, Ann, come on, don't you listen to sports center? Not at all. They never talk about that on Squawk Box on CMU2. All right, well thank you, James. Yeah, I was the guy who called on Friday about the wild sign and my friend getting in trouble. All right, on. It's in the case and out, guys. All right, well you know the deal, though. This is going to be a lot of fun. We have all the 64 teams on the www.wniw.com website, okay? You go there between now and Thursday at noon and you decide which four teams are going to make it into the Final Four, okay, Anthony? Those people will be going to the Final Four live, courtesy of Opie and Anthony, and Mountain Dew. Nice. Mountain Dew, the official soft drink of the NCAA. So if you're not doing anything now, make sure you register by going to www.wniw.com, okay? Right. So do the Dew with Mountain Dew and listen to us to win a trip to the Final Four. Opie and Anthony. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. All right, we're talking college basketball a little bit there, Anthony. Yes, we are. A lot of people confused about your Final Four picks. Let's go to Keith. Yeah, what's up, guys? Hey, Keith. Hey, Anthony, why don't you pick Wine Dance High School while you're at it also? Wine Dance probably wouldn't do for too bad. Hey, Wine Dance always had a good team. We played those bastards in high school. Now, Great Neck. Wine Dance, no, I don't think so. Great Neck probably doesn't have a good team. Wine Dance probably doesn't. They had armed guards that would, I'm not even kidding, bring us from the bus to our locker room. They'd have armed guards in the locker room. They had armed guards behind the bench when we played back in the 80s. Sounds like a real good area. And the town had a curfew. They weren't allowed out after dark. At the time, I'm not kidding. So what do you got for your picks, Opie? What? What do you got for your picks? We went through that already. All right, I think Duke's going all the way. And Syracuse. I like Duke and St. John's. I like LSU too, a little sleeper from St. John's bracket. I also like Michigan State, but I couldn't fit them into my final four picks there. Keith? Well, so Kentucky, you guys get that stat every year. Kentucky wins. Yankees win the World Series in the same year. Oh, really? Yeah, so I got to roof it with Kentucky a little bit. All right, guys. Well, make sure you pick your final four at www.com because we are sending someone to the final four live. All right, you guys suck. All right, man. Ant? Yeah, we got a little studio over there. And oh my God, through the middle of town. What is that? Straight path. Straight path, right through the center of Winedan. You just begged for three green lights in a row, man. And no train. The train is the worst. You could go through the red lights and you get stuck in the train tracks. Explain that. Straight path is like the main street of Winedan. It goes right through Winedan. They have three or four lights, a couple blocks apart, okay? And then a train station. Yeah. And then you got stopped at a red light while a train was coming. Yeah. You're screwed. You lock your doors. You're just frightful for your life. And then I'm driving home. All of a sudden I hear a couple of pops. This huge crowd comes running across straight path. I'm right in the middle of it and I'm hearing gunfire. I read the paper the next day. Someone got shot, killed. And I was right there. And meanwhile I'm in the company van that I'm not supposed to be driving. Thank you. Apollo Air Conditioning. Hey, everyone does it. If they tell you they don't, they're lying. I'm kidding. My pal's down there. I was driving the Apollo van and I'm just going like, how am I going to explain a bullet hole in the Apollo van? And I searched the whole van over and thank God it didn't get hit. But it was the last time I ever drove through one. Yeah, that's a scary area. Really scary area. Brian, what's going on? Hey, guys. How are you, Brian? Good. How are you guys doing? I got two things. First of all, Spad is a retard. Please get somebody with more than a peanut for a brain to work the phones. We all know that by now. And you're second. It took me forever to get through. Okay, second of all, Anthony, grow some balls and become a man. What's that? None. I told you I have no basketball knowledge, but I don't think... It's at least honest. He hates basketball, doesn't want anything to do with it. What are you doing in your spare time? Basket weave? No, what is it? Basketball and nothing else? What do you do? Are you one of those one-dimensional people that only can talk basketball? I hate that. Hey, did you see that? Boy, they're not interested in basketball. I guess I have nothing else to talk about. All right, guys. This is one of the things that Ant finds interesting. No, that's cool. All right, guys. You guys are great. Thank you. It's basketball Brian, everybody. Let's go to Sean. Sean, you're next on WNEW. Anthony, you are a moron. Really? Iona opens up against Maryland Terrapins. I'm not a moron. I'm ignorant. ACC told me yesterday. They just don't stand a chance in hell. Go, Iona. Maryland folded like a cheap tent yesterday, though, man. You're going to owe Anthony $400. Me? I'm sorry. Anthony is going to go owe OP $400. I think we have a pretty good bet. For every team of mine that makes it to the final four, Anthony is going to give me $100. And for every team that Anthony gets into the final four, I'm going to give him $200. So if all your teams get in, you'll only owe me $200. Well, that's okay. Better than $600. Okay, you got some good choices. All right, Sean. Thank you. Yeah, but they're conservative choices. I really wanted one of those, you know, the wild-car team, but I just didn't see any there, really. All right? Thank you. Let's go back to the wine dance area. Mary has a good story. Mary, what's up? I travel this road home every freaking night. Straight path right through wine dance. Right through wine dance, right over the railroad tracks, make a right over on Acorn Street, and I got stuck. Going to Long Island Avenue. Yeah. Let me interrupt you real fast, Mary. I got stuck at the railroad tracks one night, two in the morning, coming home from BAB because that was the shortcut to BAB when I was working there. Uh-huh. Holy cow, I just jumped. I swear to God, no jump. Holy cow, that freaked me out, Ant. Sorry, man. Oh, my God, my heart stopped. I'm like, we're on the 10th floor. Where's the gunshots go from? Oh, it really freaks me out. Dude, you got me so bad. Oh, cool. I swear to you. So I'm at that light, and it's raining like a mother. You see me jump? Oh, my God. I wasn't expecting that. That's crazy. So I was at the train tracks. The train thing comes down, it's a red light. It's pouring like a mother. And this poor, helpless woman comes knocking on my sidewalk and I rolled down the window a couple inches. I had a left rubber right into the side of the train. Well, I was scared because there was nowhere you could go if you know this area. You can't turn around, you can't do anything. You have to wait for that train to pass. You don't get carjacked. That's why you leave enough room for a U-turn in front of you, in front of that gate. I'm dashing the train. So this lady comes to me and she goes, my car broke down and I need a jump. And she is as dark as night. Oh, my God, what does that have to do with this story, Ophi? Dark as night. So I go, well, where's your car? She goes, oh, it's over there. She's pointing to this area that's just completely empty parking lot. She goes, it's around the corner there. Oh, yeah. Does it look like I was born yesterday? Yeah, you go over there. So now I'm sitting there like, what the hell am I going to do? I can't say no because I'm still stuck in the light. I don't know, if they were planning something, maybe they're going to try something right there. So I'm like, OK, I'll be right over. As soon as that freaking gate went up and I was like, OK, I'm going to go on. Yeah, you'd have pulled up there, gotten out of your car. Hey, I got jumper cables. Call me Fred is whatever. But I'm like, this situation doesn't look good. You have no idea that place has gotten so bad. I got stopped at the train. I'm sitting there. It's when I owned like this little 1982 Nissan Polestar. It was like the first car I ever bought for like a hundred bucks. I'm sitting there, putting along, I get caught at the train. I'm sitting there like, OK, all of a sudden this crack head, crack head, opens my passenger door. Opens your passenger door. He kicks in and says, hey baby, what's up? I'm like, are you kidding me? Now I'm using all my heart to my growth. I'm like, now I'm dead. I'm dead. Why are you going through that area with your doors unlocked? Well, I had the locks and stuff locked me on the drives. What do you want me to do? I'll see what you should have done. You know what I'm saying? So I told him, I'm undercover cop, you all get out right now. I have my button right here. He's like, oh baby, it's closed, it's closed, chill, chill, chill. I was like, what are you kidding me? It's just like the worst area you can ever be in. Nonetheless, I don't even take that area home too much at night anymore. I come home like at 5 o'clock. Probably the worst spot on Long Island. It is. I work with a guy that, like all black guys, right? I told him on my drive, I'm like, listen, he wanted to pick up something from me. I said, well, you know, you can come down, take the train station to Wyandam. He goes, what are you kidding me? He goes, I live in South Jamaica. I ain't even going to Wyandam. I'm like, what? It's horrible. Well, guys, over and out, diamond dust, that Dreamweaver. We'll talk to you later. Thank you, Mary. Bye. Really fast. Your final four picks, Anthony. Of course. He's going to tell us why. They're the best. I'll tell you why. Any Tom, Dick and Harry can go ahead and pick the number one team in each bracket. I kind of admitted that though. I'm going for a lot of favorites, sure. But you know, you're pulling the Syracuses in there, and that's where I went to school, so I'm cool with that. But if you don't pick a couple of long shots, then you're not going to win. This is the first year I'm not really going. I usually pick one of those long shots, but this year I just don't see it happening. Now remember, two years ago, Iona only lost the Syracuse by one point in the first round. I know, Spaz had to tell us that during commercial break. He had to remind us of that one. Now I can go shoot myself in the head for thinking like him, but I appreciate it. So you like Anthony's picks. He's got Hofstra, Iona. I don't even know the other two ridiculous picks. He may not win the big money, but it's a bet he picked. There you go, thank you. You can't eat gutsy. Gutsy, just like I play the market, my friend. Got to have some balls to you. Thank you, Eric. All right, let's go to Joe. Joe, you're next on WAW. What's up? How are you doing? I was in Winegash, and I was stopped at the railroad trestle. Some guy jumped on top of my hood and started banging on the top of my hood. This stuff happens all the time down there. I'm sure he wasn't at that new Disney drive-thru. I don't know, he had a needle in his arm and he was screaming. I was driving, it was the middle of the night. Wait, Joe, you're exaggerating. I'm not. I'm definitely exaggerating. Did the black guy even jump on your car, Joe? No, I swear to God, he jumped on the hood of my car. They should have an L train there, man. That is the worst theory. There should be no reason you have to stop for a train in that area. There should be no reason you have to stop for a train in that area. There should be an underpass, an overpass, I don't care what you build, but no one should be stopping for trains in that area. It should just be a groove in the road. It's like a tall wall that you drive through. Like the little thing that Luke had to go into in the Death Star. That should be the strip of road through one day. So you can just zip right through. Sure. Yeah, alright, thanks guys. Thank you, Joe. Alright, a lot of people have some great stories, but we've got to get these people in. They've been waiting forever. Eddie, what's up? Yo guys, what's going on? My buddy Mike was cruising through one night and he's like a real psycho Italian. He's got his window open and he's blasting heavy metal stuck at the light at like one in the morning. That's dangerous. So guess what happens? They unload on his car, like nine shots into his car. They're all sitting on the guardrail at the MLK Health Center, right on the corner. Is that right next to Mama's Soul Kitchen? No, actually it's McDonald's now. Oh, is it? I remember driving past and there's Mama's Soul Kitchen. It was Church's. Yeah, they used to have a Church's fried chicken there. They even burnt down the KFC down there. What stretch of road that's probably a half mile long has three goddamn fried chicken places on it? I mean, is that really a stereotype? Yeah. Come on. All right, Eddie, thank you. Bye. Couple more of these. Rob, what's up? You're next. I live over West Babylon, about four or five blocks away from the bridge that goes into Wine Dam. I own a business over there that works for me and I'd have to drive them home to the boonies, which is like, forget straight path by the train station. This is like in the back deep side streets of Wine Dam that I'm driving this guy home one night and a freaking crack house gets raided while I'm sitting in his driveway next door. And it's insane, man. I've had 40 bottles thrown at my car. Tell me, you don't belong here. Get out here, white boy. And you know what they winded about it, man. Other than that, the town is useless. There should be a bomb dropped on it. I think they dumped out. You could get a BJ for two bucks in that area. Basically, actually, you could probably talk it down, to be honest. Alright, Rob. Let's go to another Rob. Rob, you're next on WNAW. Yeah, I own a landscaping company. I drive through there all the time. And it's just crazy. Even down the side streets, I do one house there on a Monday and it's just crazy. The kids in the streets are crazy. I was driving through and the kid wouldn't move his bike so I had to run over his front tire to get away from him. They were surrounding me and stuff. It was crazy. There are parts of 110 that's happening too. Where people walk in the middle of the street and they don't feel like getting out of the way. What is that about? That's a whole new thing that's going on. I couldn't believe it. It was crazy. Just walk across a main road real slow and then look at you when you look annoyed. Look at you. And then you have to stop your car. Yeah. I mean that's ridiculous. And you wait. Oh, and you'll wait. Yeah, because you're scared assless at that point. The pastel colored houses. Thank you, Rob. You're welcome. Let's go to Brian. Brian's next on WNAW. Hi, Brian. Hey, what's up? I'm a volunteer fireman out in Suffolk County, right? So one night we had the Suffolk Emerald Society and we got there, you know, we're there drinking beers, we eat, we had the meeting, we're leaving. He's outside, he's holding us in, he won't let us out, we're like, come on, we gotta get out of here. He goes, if you guys leave, I'm gonna get my niggas. And he starts screaming, where are my niggas at? Where are my niggas at? And we just pushed through the doors and ran into the chief's car. We thought we were gonna get shot. The guy's screaming at the top of his lungs. Yeah. Oh my God. Well, thank you, Brian. All right. Thank you. We lose your mic, I think so. How about Billy from airsick.net? Billy? Hey guys, what's happening? Oh, I miss the good old wine dance. Yeah, you used to drive through there too? Oh yeah, remember the corner? Which corner? No, it was called the corner. Oh yeah, where the stores were, they wound up getting all burnt down. Yeah, well, they didn't burn them down, they demolished them. Yeah, they took a bulldozer. Dude, get this, and oh, this is the truth. They had to destroy these stores because so much drug dealing was going on behind the stores. Like right in the parking lot. So instead of like maybe taking care of the drug problem, they destroyed the stores. They bulldozed them down so there'd be no more place for them. That's a lot or something. Yeah, and that was totally renovated. I think that's the MLK center now or something. Yeah. But I used to go back there. I actually picked up a hooker back there once. Oh yeah? I swear to God. That's great, must have been a real looker. Oh, she was a real piece of ass. I mean, who the hell cares? How big was his penis? Not bad. Come on, you gotta know the rules. The minute they get in the car, you gotta check the package. Yeah, no, I don't know the rules. I'm sorry. You know the rules. You don't even know those rules, man. Yeah, you gotta check for the packages. We don't need to know those rules. We have a radio show. Yeah, but the corner was the best, man. You couldn't go anywhere near there. There were shots there every night. It was like a paradise for vices. It's like watching a Vietnam movie. Pretty close. Yeah, you gotta worry about the gunfire and there's hookers and drugs. Something for everybody. It's like Disney. Yeah. Hey, Billy, your song's making a comeback in the Most Offensive Song contest. Oh, thank God. My peeps are coming back, huh? It's between you guys' Killifetus and Fuel's Baby Raper. I gotta admit though, we're still humming that stupid Barry Manilow thing in my ass. Yeah, a catchy little ditty. We're still looking for people to send in their entries for the Most Offensive Song contest and then we're gonna have all the finalists perform their songs live at our next roadshow. Sounds like fun, guys. All right, Billy, we're gonna let you go. You betcha. Have a good one. Peace! There he goes, Billy from airsick.net. Let's get these people in that were on the Today Show. All right. We got a ton of email about this. Everyone knows Psycho Mark getting the wow sign on TV like crazy. We encourage the Psycho Mark psychopaths to get their signs on live TV, right, Ed? Yeah, absolutely. And just when we thought the action was slowing down, wow, there was some stuff going on on the Today Show this morning. Yeah. We gotta say hi to... there they all are. Someone videotape it? I'm gonna be able to check that out. I might have, actually. Well, let me introduce you guys. We got four of Psycho Mark psychopaths in the studio. We got Sean, Chris, Avey? Avey. And Shannon. They're all from Yorktown and you guys got up real early this morning to hang out outside the Today Show studio, right? Yeah, we did. Now, my girlfriend saw the We Deliver Keggers. There it was. That's the one she saw on the Today Show this morning. We delivered kegs. These guys went all out, Aunt. What else did you guys have this morning? We got five of both sides. So they have like ten sayings from the radio show. All right, let's start from my left. We had Spaz come home. What else do you have? Turn it over. And OK Terrific. All these signs were on the Today Show this morning. All right, let's go to the next guy. He had Yoddle Doodle on his side. Very good. What's on the back? And we delivered keggers. Shannon, which ones did you have? I got Show Me Put It. The back of this one is just like the Ruse for Al Roker. But we also got the Wow one. Oh good, the Wow. Very important to get the Wow on at least once. And FBA. FBA, come on. Very good. And what do you have over there? We got the Got Sushi. And Bumpin' Donuts. We got a nice little drawing of two donuts bumping into each other. That's crazy. Everyone saw you. You guys were all over the Today Show this morning. That's cool. Enemies of the show must be attacked by the psychopaths. And just when we thought it was slowing down, these guys came to the table this morning. So we completely appreciate it. Are we going to hook them up with some goods? Yeah, some stash. If we have wrestling tickets, we'll definitely give them to you guys. That would be awesome. See, we give you treats. Speaking of wrestling. Ross is at the Metal Rance tonight, Anthony. Spaz is going to be on hand. And we're hoping all our listeners bring some fine signs down there. If you guys need any signs, they have some. We deliver peggers. Very creative, these guys. Cool. The Yaddle Doodle. None of you got caught in Al Roker's gravitational pull? No. Good. That's a danger. Now what happens? Mike, no one heard what you just said. We got yelled at by the NBC producers about the wow sign. Get out of here. I want to know if we're affiliated with a certain radio show. What a bunch of jerk-offs. We mostly want the wow sign on TV, but if you guys have the opportunity like you guys did this morning to be on a lot, then definitely break out the other signs. They were giving you crap though about that, huh? Yeah. That's all right, jackasses. We haven't had anyone on the news lately. When the reporter is doing that live shot and all of a sudden the sign goes in front of his face. That's terribly wrong. Those are my favorites. Well, do you guys want to say hi to anyone or anything? Yo, what's up Heroes Deli? Heroes Deli, very good. You guys all get one plug. Who do you want to plug? Yo, Moseman crew. Yo, Flip Mode. Flip Mode Squad. You got a Flip Mode Squad? Pick up some of my Flip Mode Squad. We play baseball sometimes. We have our own little team. Last year our team was called Flip Mode. Woo, big thing. I don't know. All right, and you? Hey, can we give you some of our band's tapes? Ah, that old bruise. I remember that. I'll put them in with the other ones. Never mind. We'll check them out. What's the name? Give me your tape, man. Burn Bath. Me and my brother used to do the same thing, try to weasel our way in on radio shows to give them the tapes. Yeah, you know how to give them the tapes. I'm going to listen. I'll listen in the truck. And what's the name of the band? Burn Bath. We're playing this Saturday at Delhi College, too. Delhi. And what do you do for the band? I'm a guitar player and he plays the bass. And this guy drew the cover of the tape. All right. And Shannon, what are you? Are you the sweet Connie of this band? Oh my God. A little obscure reference. No, you're just friends with these guys and stuff and support them? Yeah, I just get them for free and drink. Jay Moore plays at the Delhi. Favorite college of Jay Moore. Well, we got to thank the crew from Yorktown, Anthony. Very good. Bravo getting the signs on live TV. We love that. We encourage that. We're still waiting for a girl to flash on the Today Show. We'll get a thousand bucks. Yeah, actually, those guys said something about that when they were getting yelled at this morning. Yeah, they say you guys pay money to have chicks flash on the show. Yeah, like a hundred dollars or something. No, no, no. We have one contest going on. First girl to show her naked breasts on the Today Show will win a thousand bucks. One time, one time only. First girl to do it, contest over. It's got to be on camera. And that's about it. We've been trying to make that happen for over a year now. It's got to be a real girl. Real boobs. And if you go down there and just show your cans and run away, that doesn't work. It has to get on camera. On TV. Ben, you hooking them up with some stuff? We got some wrestling tickets, hopefully? Ah, play along. You guys get the famous inappropriate bells. We're not really giving them out that much. Okay, terrific. All right, well, we got to say thank you to you guys. Yeah, thank you. All right, Yorktown rocks, all right? Cool. We're going to take a quick break. We'll be back, more of your phone calls in just a bit. 212-757-1027. This is the best radio you guys can come up with. 1027-WNEW. And we're back. Phone line 212-757-1027. I guess we've got to acknowledge the ECW. I guess there were a lot of wow signs on the pay-per-view last night. George, what's going on? Hey, Loppy and Anthony, what's up, buddy? How are you? We're on the ECW pay-per-view, Living Dangerously. I saw your signs there, wow, and we deliver K-gives. And I heard there was an okay, terrific sign there as well. Joe from Leviton on the instant feedback saying that. Okay, terrific. Oh, yeah, man, you guys are awesome, Joe. All right, man, thank you. Take care, buddy, thanks a lot. All right, bye. A lot of people checking in saying there were wow signs at ECW. Brian, you're next. Hey, what's up? Yeah, we're on your website, apparently. Yeah, we got a terrific sign and the wow sign. Yeah, what game was that at? It was Saturday, Saturday morning. And you're already on the unofficial website? Yes, sir, check it out. Nice, sir. Well, I don't know, you had the Today Show people down on the air. We wanted to come down and say hello. You got some beer. Well, we pretty much invite anyone that gets on live TV with a wow sign mostly or any other signs associated with the radio show. And we hook you up with prizes. Oh, man, we were on National Televised ESPN. We got the tape to prove it, baby. Why don't you bring the tape with you and you're more than welcome to come down. Whenever you want. All right, sounds good. As long as you bring the tape so we know it's you and we'll hook you up with some prizes. Way to God, you guys are great. Hey, thank you. See you soon. Thanks for spreading the word of wow on live TV. You know it, you guys rule. All right, cool, bye. Also, today, Anthony, we got to give Dan Marino a lot of credit. Why do we got to give him a lot of credit? Let me tell you why. Dan Marino, if you've been living under a rock, has retired from the Miami Dolphins today. Dan Marino? Well, he retired on TV. Thank God. Thank God because there is nothing worse. He stepped down with a little pride today, Anthony. A little... He didn't have to cry and lose it like that horse tooth John Elway. Oh, Elway, actually, we have a quick sound. This is Elway snorting when he retired. Do we really have it? Yeah, no joke, right? This is no joke. This is really a sound he made as he was crying. Listen, as he was retiring, yeah. It's his and it sounds like a horse. Well that was because it was in between, you know tears. Yeah, he's like and you know being with Denver great team for so many years and winning Championship So marino retires today and he didn't cry yeah, it's good to see And he retires without a Super Bowl ring and after buy one You could buy one though got enough cash for that All those endorsements he's done over the years. They were trying to make him look good on ESPN I was watching the retirement speech. They were showing all the records he he owns. He's you know Arguably one of the best quarterbacks ever in the NFL. Oops. How about a championship ring? They're saying, you know They're showing all the records he He sat in the NFL stuff Yeah, cuz they were just trying to make it look good cuz the fact is he never won a Super Bowl But he is in a spint or Remember that when they stole the Miami Dolphin Dolphin. Yeah So he's got that going for him, which is nice, which is nice Yes, is that really your name para? Yeah. Okay. What's going on? It's a theatrical name. Let's lay her down and get into parachute Which actresses want to be known that way as what as what actresses would be known that way you're an actress. Yes What have you done? Let's see suck slots from hell. No, I saw that one. That was a good no really good stuff I worked in the West Village The theater of the ridiculous a gay theater theater of the ridiculous We're gonna do a play gay theater cool kind of that way. Yeah, did you was spaz one of your co-stars? I actually heard that made me a little worried Gay theater are you a fag hag? No, no, no, no, no, actually my boyfriend will marry me if I desire for a lesbian for a day. Oh, you want to be lesbian for a day. Yeah, okay I just don't get it. I have a little desire to do it and I'm interested but I don't get what turns gone the guys on about this. I can't explain myself It's just awesome. It's just well you need to give me a few words I don't know it's what as far as girls going at it. Yeah, what I think I'll tell you It is the number one fantasy for guys. I'll tell you the simple reason he's willing to marry wait wait I've got an answer by a simple reason go ahead. Why cuz it's two girls. We love girls. We love girls He won. It's really hot. Two is twice as hot Two is one better than one see it's one more that's it It's just it's it's a guy going in all the right places But he said well, I really don't you realize put it into words You realize how many people were listening to our show Friday when we had the lesbian bath going on outside the studio Do you have any idea? Yeah, we usually get like I don't know a hundred emails per show and that was three girls It's too I've already gone through a couple thousand emails from Friday show and I could and I'm only about halfway done people I love the lesbian. It's just a huge turn-on. We had we had smelly Karen She's now known as Karen because she had her bubble bath with the two lesbians There was three in it the three in this kiddie pool filled to the top tons of bubble I heard it soaping each other making out a huge lesbian scene going on We had it on the webcam And people just lost it. I just absolutely lost it I mean could it be as simple as that just two guys seeing two girls? I don't get it because it doesn't work the other way around. I don't know exactly. No, I don't know many No, I don't know. Wait, hold on. I don't know many girls that are into checking out two guys You want to know something? I I had worked at that theater I had said well, you know, let me let me just see what this is It was the most boring thing I've ever seen in my life Now well, it's exactly right. Hold on Chuck has something to add to this lesbian thing Chuck Yeah, what's up? I want to add what's up you're on with para Para well anyway Anthony you're your theory about about 100% correct. Yes Like you figure two girl a girl and a girl two girls is unbelievable Like if you had ten it'd be ten times better right? It never ends I mean what better for a guy to walk in then a whole mob of Girls going out together and you could be the one guy it's a simple formula the more woman women the better Okay, very simple. Okay. So what beats two women three women, right? What beats three four you get the idea you can go on forever on forever. It's an infinity equation Okay, this keeps going one better one better one better one more bit. All right, so para you want to be a lesbian for a day I did well, we're we're definitely taking the lesbian for a day to the next level. We started last Friday We're starting to look for lesbian fantasies now. I mean the lesbian couch is still here We will use it, but we want to get a little more interesting a little different So because we've already got to see we've already broadcasted first lesbian experiences I don't know at least 10 to 12 of them now now we want this some good fantasies going on The bubble bath was great. Don't you want my physical? No, we want to know what you want Don't like we're like Mr. Rourke fantasy island and I want someone to be aggressive because I was everyone gashes Okay, terrific. All right, Chuck. We're gonna let you go. All right. There he goes parent. Yes So if you want to be a lesbian for a day, you have to I need an aggressor I'm not the aggressor when you would you agree to a strap-on tool? in I'm In what way describe it to me at this point we don't need girls coming down here and being shy right? Yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah to work out, you know kissing on the couch That was all cool and stuff. But just like marijuana was a stepping stone. I need some H It was just the beginning now. We need now we need You know the girls to do something. Okay, so a stride like the bath was a good thing Okay, and now we're looking for what about oil strap-on tools oil is good As long as it lubricates well, what if you're wearing the strap on me now? No, no, no. All right Well, what if you're taking the strap on? Hold on. Well, Rose has a question for para Rose you're up turn down your what's up? What's up? First I'd like to say that I wrote it my theatrical name. Okay Secondly Question in the whole world if she's Belief that sexual or essential person. How could you ask this? You know such a stupid question to women is beautiful Yeah, it is just absolutely beautiful. Yes. I agree. She missed what I had said What's that my fiance would marry me? He just wants me to do that one time one time when I'm just wondering What the curiosity is I understand it is beautiful. Oh, if you're gonna do it don't do it for that reason Yeah, you got to do it and want to believe in them. Yeah, there you go. We don't have time You know, there you go. We don't have time pussy-footing around here We have enough women that have fantasies that wanted that want to happen live on our show be wherever the foot wants to go I really don't care Nice lesbian fantasy I'm interested in oils and things like that and oils We're gonna have to get a little more more interesting than that three and one wd-40 Right. All right, Rose. Thank you. Thank you. All right, Rose is a little rough. Yeah, we need we need something I'm sorry upon Tara. I think I'm gonna let you go You got to come up with a specific lesbian fantasy and if it sounds like some we can pull off We will have you on the show. Okay. Okay. That's good. All right. She said she's an actress I know would you would you do a part in a movie if it was you with a strap on sure? All right, we'll do a little movie down. All right, so you direct it Yeah, I don't want to have to direct myself. Would you do a strap-on scene if you direct it? Yes. Yeah, okay Well, we'll look for a girl. All right, hold on the line. Okay. I'm gonna let para go Let's go to Diana chat sounds like she'd be a pain in the ass when she got down Yeah, no, we need the ladies that are like, I mean Karen was a perfect lesbian a Candidate I didn't agree to this strap on. No, I didn't if you listen to the call. I never said no. No, it wasn't Yeah, we know we we need some gamers here Diana. What's going on? Hey, how you guys doing? Great bag the reason that you guys got so many emails from the other day is because it was the hottest thing that we actually Got to watch you weren't just hearing it. Oh, it was it. It was incredible. We shut down two websites Friday I can't believe any W let you post all that too on their site. I don't know what you're talking about I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about I have no idea what you're talking about. We don't have a spaz cam. No, no clue what you're talking about mean All I could say is like talking about I could say is the webcam was supposed to like Renew every 10 seconds Anthony. Yeah, it got to the point where it was almost up to renewing every two minutes That's how many day that's how much traffic we had Friday I must have had a good connection then guys you had a great time watching that whole thing Friday I would definitely hot yeah, and a lot of people were pissed because they couldn't get through and stuff Well, there's a ton of material from Friday show on WWW.Foundrymusic.com the unofficial opiate Anthony website. I guess I didn't catch everything that chick para doesn't understand What's so hot about two women? I know all I had to do is check out what we were doing Friday and you would understand So the soaping of the boobs was my favorite And I was reminded of that cuz we watched Kentucky Fried movie last night and yeah, oh you are I thought that movie was funny Oh, yeah, it's not as funny anymore No one of those that just don't hold up and I had been in psycho mark over and I was showing them before we went Drinking in Huntington yesterday. Yeah, they didn't laugh once. Oh wow, even like high Catholic high school girls in trouble. They didn't find the humor in it I think times it's just funnier to say the stuff with the bumping of the boobs up against the shower the glass shower door. Yeah Sometimes it is. It's funnier. Just remembering that it was funny. Diane. I'm gonna let you go. Okay, can I just add one more thing? Yeah, hit it one thing. I'm absolutely addicted to Sims and to you guys gotta get syndicated I travel out to California once a month and I'm dying without you. We're getting there. Thank you guys. Thank you Because of the effort of you guys we're getting there It's just a matter of time now, but psycho mark you were at my house watching the Kentucky Fried movie. It was boring, huh? There's only one good scene. He liked the daredevil scene Anthony Yeah, I was pretty good. That is gotta be one of the most class thrill seekers thrill seekers, right? It was a daredevil evil Knievel type guy puts on his helmet and his little you know, daredevil outfit Yeah, and you want to explain the rest Anthony? He goes into He's like on the train tracks or something like next to some train tracks And he goes into a bunch of black guys that are hanging out like black thugs and stuff Yeah, they're all playing crafts shooting crafts against the wall pretty bad neighborhood and he's a little white guy But he's wearing a helmet and a cape and stuff. He's like a superhero and he just yells niggers and Runs away runs away and they chase and they chase and that's his daredevil That's better than jumping the fountain at Caesar's that's that's how he is a daredevil Oh, yeah, right. Yeah. No somehow in the movie it kind of is a little funny You know because of the irony, but I was excited to pick up the Kentucky Fried movie It's kind of hard to get and I'm like man It's just fitting to hold up the to the test of time and the Catholic school girls in trouble is funny Yeah, but the rest of it just blow what about Big Jim Slade? That's Big Jim Slade The guy's trying to get this girlfriend and he'll Kung-fu movie thing going on through the whole thing. That's really funny. Yeah, cuz that's a really good parody of all the kung-fu movies. Yeah All right. Mmm Pick a better movie, dude It's been a while too. You know, you remember it when you were probably 18 watching it stoned off your gourd, too What are you stoned? I It wasn't even funny when I watched it when it came out years ago Wow, there's like when we were in high school that was like a cold film and everyone loved that one Maybe you just need stronger drugs. No, I was sitting there go directly into the retina I was sitting there going wow, this movie just blows now. Oh, look at there's a couple chuckles, but Alright, let's go to Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla Sorry, I'd care what's wrong my mouth for the old Priscilla Priscilla Priscilla. How are you? Yeah Yes, yes, what's your lesbian fantasy can we make it come true for you I would like to bang a girl with like a strap on yeah, you would like to bang a girl Yeah, now that's what we're looking for right answer. Of course All right. So now we just need a girl that needs a banging. Yeah, how old would you be Priscilla? Okay, what do you look like Priscilla? I'm five feet 95 pounds a small test for the big ass Small chest wait a minute big ass. I got her 95 pounds. I got a big ass. I got nasty visual You're five foot tall 95 pounds with a big ass no boobs something tells me with the strap on she'd look like a candy apple Hmm wow that could be a quite a scene So if there's any broads out there that are that are willing to get banged by a five foot 95 pound Lady with a big butt and no breasts. Give us a call. Oh My god, I don't know if we're gonna get any takers on this. So dude, come on. That'd be pretty interesting It would be hilarious I'm gonna let's get your info. Have you ever banged a girl before? No, no, do you have those type of tools at home? No, I would have to purchase them. I think we could sponsor it through one of our smut color connections Yeah, we could we could find the tools. No problem. We just need to find the girl Sure, you can yes, what are we gonna do with them after you use them Priscilla race Hello, what's your race your ethnic background American? Okay American. Okay. What does that mean? Oh, if I tell you what I am no one really knows Go ahead. What are you? You're more Maltese What the hell is that? I know I know the Maltese Falcon and a Maltese dog Maltese dog. What is that? Oh, it's a small island in between Sicily and Africa. Are you a black girl? No, I'm not I have white skin Hmm. That's like no man's land Hmm you're either eating like Sicilian pizza or grubs Black there's no black people. All right. So, um, all right. Well that that that that that adds to this So if any ladies out there want to be banged by a five-foot girl 95 pounds, no boobs big butt. That's Maltese Give us a call Can't understand why no other ladies are calling up right now. Where are the takers Priscilla? I'm I think I was I think I was correct with the first pronunciation of you now Priscilla. She's willing to get banged She said oh, so you would get banged as well All right. Okay. Um, let's hold on the line and we'll see if there's any takers. All right. All right Okay, terrific. Hey, if any other ladies have a lesbian fantasy, you gotta get a get in contact with the radio show Okay. All right. One more call. We got to take a break here. Melanie. What's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? Good. How you guys doing? Great. Good Yeah, I have a story to tell you about a bachelorette party where I tried my girlfriends And I tried to get the two guys to do a little show for us Work and what and what's that? Well, the one guy was definitely into it All right, well for these strippers and I wait wait wait wait wait time out You're having a bachelorette party and two guys show up to yeah to give you some fun, right? Yeah, and one was real hot The other one wasn't too hot and then you're trying to talk the guys into doing each other Well, the one guy looked like he kind of opened the door like he bent the other guy over like And we were of course, you know very excited We thought it'd be hysterical, you know Really into it hilarious So, you know we got into this whole conversation with the one who wasn't into it and we said, you know Why not? We were yelling at him, you know, we were pretty loaded. There was like 20 girls there Yeah, and it got to the point where We were yelling at him because he started getting dressed and he was trying to leave So he started yelling at him to take his clothes back off and he wound up flipping out the back door without his pants Wanted I'm telling you there's girls out there that would love to see it just for a laugh I can't imagine there's a lot of girls out there that want to see two guys going at it Yeah, well why not and there's not many guys out there that would would deny it would wouldn't check out two girls going I know I know but don't you think they should be a supply if there's a little bit of a demand I mean I don't think there's a demand for that I you know call me crazy, but we could pull the women here and I don't think Oh, I don't think they're gonna admit that they want to see that. Well, that's the key word admit Nobody wants to admit it. You really want to see two guys going at it. I'm curious. I'm curious What it's like I think chicks would do I think like girl Yeah, you like obviously no guy is gonna want to see that Yeah, I think girls like like as far as maybe a porno goes or something You think secretly there's girls out there that really want to see two guys going at it Like we want to see two women going at it. Yeah, I think so. I think so. Yeah All right, well not probably not as many Yeah, that's the guys want to see the girls, but I'm sure there are all right We'll see if any ladies are willing to admit that Anthony All right, Melanie, thank you. You're welcome. Bye. Bye. Oh do we have to Well, that's disgusting a couple ladies calling it. Let's take a break and we'll talk to them next. Okay, right Alright knock it off 1027 w-new Hey, this is Jim Brewer and I've been up since like oh, I don't know yesterday And you know, I think that gets me going hammer is open Anthony. I'm talking 1027 and he w hammer We got to get Jim Brewer back in here man, oh, yeah, that's why he's tracks me up every time I see on a show. Yeah, you got that right. Do I do seven five seven one? Oh, two seven is our phone line kind of just screwing off today. It's a Monday having some yeah Definitely having a good time Where do we go? Where do we go? We have to We have to talk about two guys going at it oh Well, let's go to Sandra Sandra what's going on? Hey, what's going on guys? How are you? Okay? Okay? How you guys doing? Pretty good. I thought now what the hell is really talking about? Yeah, let me explain real fast I women they may be done like not back if they masturbate Yeah, the fact my god. All right, Sandra. Let's slow down. Okay She won't stop talking. Oh, let's take a step backwards. All right. All right We got on the discussion where uh, the number one fantasy of guys is uh seeing two girls go at it And then um, I don't know we got on the subject like two guys going at it because a girl called up about a bachelorette Party and they were trying to get the two guys to go at it Yeah, and I I call me crazy But I said that I don't think there's many ladies out there that that find that something they would want to check out your thoughts Sandra, I Definitely think that Melanie must have been wasted out of her mind because there's no way that Two you know that two guys going at it is something to fantasize about sorry And I was saying that two you know Two girls obviously is much more attractive than you know two guys going at it and women may deny the fact that like They masturbate but they're not going to deny the fact that they want to see two men going at it. Okay Well, thank you Sandra That was good. Thanks guys. Okay All right, there's a couple girls that are really into this we'll talk to them and then we definitely have to move on Okay, right. We'll humor you girls for just a couple minutes here. Donna. Yeah, what's up? I disagree with that girl because I think the fantasy that men have about two women Uh-huh is nobody knows how to please a woman more than another woman and I think the same holds true for a man So man knows how to satisfy another man so Donna you're saying I watched two men Have sex and you enjoyed watching correct What was so great about it? Well Like you said another guy who knows what feels good on a guy I mean without the benefit of a penis we have to take the guy's word on what actually feels good Yeah, but another guy knows what feels good Well, how'd you get in the situation and that that you were checking out two guys going at it? It started off me having sex with one guy God And then the three of us together and then I wanted to watch the two of them together and they said sure no problem Yeah, a guy knows what a guy wants the pressure moisture movement repeat So the so what kind of sex were the two guys having in front of you oral sex Yeah We were just talking about lesbianism and we're going here All right, Donna, okay. Thank you. Bye. Bye. We got to take one more Karen. Yeah Awesome to see two guys go at it. Yeah, definitely I mean guys have a fantasy about seeing two women. So why shouldn't women have a fantasy about seeing two guys? Doesn't seem to be a popular fantasy for you guys. That's all I'm saying. It's a well it is for me Why would you want to check that out? Why not? I want to see another guy, please another guy or Lee Anyway, and that would be a huge turn on to you. Yeah All right, thank you, okay Mike yeah, bye bye Mike from Union Beach look you guys are doing gay radio again without Jay more even Michelle what's up? What's up guys? How are you? I'm pretty good You know now I'm thinking about it Kind of like gross me out, but all I'm saying is that you know, we want to watch women all the time Why not if you're loaded on that? Why not put you guys up on the stage? You want to you also want to see two guys go out it? Well, I mean if I was loaded like right now I'm pretty loaded. I'm on spring break and you know kind of wasted right now We didn't mind seeing two guys kind of like Screw around a little bit. Well, what happened to going like south for spring break? Where are you for a break? Well right now I'm in Nuttley, New Jersey Rock Nutsley so so we had a pub. So what do you do on spring break in Nutley, New Jersey? Drink that's about it. Huh? Sex a little smoking a lot of sex. Yeah, why not? But these you know, these girls are like out of mine. I call you last week I just I wanted to call you a couple weeks ago and tell you that pretty sick with all these girls shaved or whatever Yeah, you know, you're like rubbing across and trying to listen to anything. Oh, you mean what's in my pants? Yeah, we have we have what's in my pants. We love you guys are really freaking sick. You know that but yeah, we like being sick I took a long way Okay, terrific When Michelle wanted to say is she took our advice she shaved Down to a wood floor and it's it's terrific. That thing terrific. It's that thing I recommend it highly. Okay. Yeah, well all those girls out there. Thank you, Michelle. Oh and one more thing Yeah, watching you guys go at it is a lot better than watching some five-foot Maltese whatever that sounds a little sick Yeah, let's get back to Priscilla. She's still on the line. She's a little lonely over there. All right, cool. Thank you Brenda from Jersey seeing two men make love is my number one fantasy. It is beautiful Matt from Hoboken guys, please get this dumb bitch off the radio before I kill myself All right. Let's let's see if there's any takers for Priscilla. Priscilla wants to bang abroad or get banged Priscilla is five foot Tall 95 pounds no boobs big ass and she's Maltese. All right, right miss Priscilla That's that's correct, right? Yeah. All right. Let me let me look as bad as you're making me sound no We're making it sound bad. Yeah, you are I just described you five foot 95 pounds big butt no boobs Maltese are all those facts true Okay, that's all right. That's it. Let's put you on with Sarah Sarah yeah, Priscilla is looking for someone to bang her. That's her lesbian fantasy I'm piping in from the same alley. I mean everybody that's calling in is either drunk AKC registered pedigree. I Don't know. I'm not interested at all in the men watching the men do whatever they have to do I am only looking for beautiful tall women No fatties no butch no Shrimp or people that come from representing the lollipop land or whatever Who off the table it Well, thank you, Sarah. So I guess we don't have a love connection. You're not at the Priscilla, right? No, all right. Thank you. Sorry Priscilla Well, hold on Priscilla there's someone on the other line that might be interested in you Let's go to Liz Liz you're on with Priscilla who wants to be banged. Hi Priscilla. How you doing fine? How are you with good? Just a little bit more description what color hair do you have a color eyes? Yeah, I'm sorry Are you I don't think it's gonna help. What what I'm short dark brown hair Short dark brown hair brown eyes brown eyes. I wear glasses wear glasses Have you ever been with a woman before? Yeah, but I only kissed a girl You only kissed a girl. So that's not really being with me. No, you know, I don't think she's been with a man either Hey Liz, have you have I yeah Liz sounds like she's experienced like she's like you sound like pro dyke No, no, no, I'm not a dyke. I'm bike, but Liz sounds experienced like she has strapped it on and gone to town Yeah, have you uh, no never stepped it on. I like when I'm with a woman. I like being with a woman Wow, I got you. Okay when I'm with a man i'm with a man. Yeah, but if priscilla wanted to uh, Have a strap on And uh, i'm not really into that. What if you put the strap on on? Myself, yeah now and then you'd you'd like uh have fun with priscilla. No, I I like being uh with a woman to be um Feminine girls are so freaking touchy. You know something if you had a couple of gay guys And you were like, okay How about you put a zucchini on your ass and then uh do a headstand and bob will do a flip and land on top They'd be like, okay Wonderful that's a total turn off. All right. Well, there's the problem is we're trying to find uh, someone that's gonna actually You know bang priscilla. Yeah. No, she's looking for the banging Well, no, I want to bang but I will get banged if it's necessary. All right. Well, good luck priscilla Would you agree to a sheep priscilla? No, I wouldn't okay. Uh, thank you. Liz. All right. All right. There goes liz Uh, hold on priscilla michelle from 10 minutes ago is very very uh pissed off at us Uh michelle what's going on? What is up? What's what's the problem calling me? It's done. Whatever Okay, I could be a little calm down now, are you the drunk girl on spring break in nutley, new jersey you got it Okay, we're in bellow now Where are you? We're in bellow now you're driving. I'm not all right He's over here. What is going on? I don't know that I guess you kind of I guess you kind of sound a little stupid and uh, you know The listener has called you a dumb bitch. What can I tell you? Who is this like who's this beefcake that called your show that's calling me stupid whoever listens to your show? I mean, come on now What are you talking about? Hey you listen Only because i'm forced to because i'm driving around with another guy who's probably on the same level of that kid calling in That's because you're a dumb bitch. I'm a dumb bitch. Yeah, right. Have you hobbed that guy's knob yet? No, not quite get to it Talking with that mouth is just a waste of time Okay, I think you listen to our show a lot. Why would you call it? Okay, maybe it's a closet listener thing going on. Yeah I'm totally not into you guys. But whenever i'm in the car with my buddy mike over here. He has you guys on your buddy Well, don't make fun of our listeners. Okay. Yeah my buddy How's that cabrio? Oh, you're gonna get to me with that. I I know it's a fag car I'm getting a i'm gonna get a dorango or a grand Cherokee very soon. When people are confused by that diamond ring I ain't buying no diamond ring. See she listens all the time. You listen to everything we say Yeah, he fills you in your butt You just look busy studying man. You just referred to three or four different things that were spread out over a year Yeah, I like got updated. All right, michelle go go take another bong here. We gotta get home We gotta move on with our show All right, hold on jennifer actually jennifer agrees with you jennifer. Yeah, you're on with michelle the dumb bitch. Oh, hi Um, what the hell is her problem? She's in belville First off belville is like the biggest faggot in the world Faggots I saw there just a bunch of hoes in belville. I'm not from belville, but it's all right. You're a nutty or whatever Okay, we're driving. There's probably no clue what you're talking about. So I suggest you shut up If you're listening to them, obviously you like them too. Are you from bloomfield? No, i'm not I don't know. What are you telling me? I'm a dumb bitch. You're driving too belville. You are a dumb bitch What are you driving around? I'm not home actually, but I mean listen here you're just a stupid bitch Are you working now? Me? Yeah, why is that in your business what i'm doing? Why are you bothering me? Get off the phone Who the hell are you? Who the hell am I? Who are you? Like who are you? Are you anything? No Am I anything? I'm something and it's call. Yeah, dumb bitch. Well, I call inks, but anyway, you could get off the phone now Thanks dork waiting. Yeah. Okay. All right, janet for thank you Thanks. All right. Uh, hold on. There's another girl. I want to test some more. All right You're making friends uh michelle debbie michelle It's 5 25 and you're drunk and you sound like an idiot. Uh, dad spring break get a life Okay, I could do whatever I want. What's wrong with you that you're calling into this radio station and you're talking such crap You've been listening all afternoon, huh? I've been listening since I got into the car home from work. It's called work Oh, yeah, i'm on vacation Let's get another i'm on vacation driving around jersey drinking with my friends drunken potty I'm a closet drinker. All right. All right, michelle. All right michelle go drive around with your body I'm driving over your body michelle Even more clever clever michelle pass the doobie buddy I hate opi today, but I want to keep calling. Hey, wow, let me flash them. Hold on Wait, it's pretty lame. These girls are all like, you know frustrated or something calling You know I like that. Okay, opi lancy I just want to tell you the girl who's hanging on who wants to have the lesbian affair that yeah She should stop wasting her time with all these Into reek on her and be really mean to her. All right, this girl michelle. I hope you crash it. Okay Thank you. Bye See you later. Deb. Is she gonna go for the monkeys? Uh Uh Wow, there's a lot of people that just love you michelle. Yeah All right. I'm glad we made those phones light up for you. No, it's funny debbie has your voice down Really? Yes. Yes That's great. All right. Sounds like the pubs are more fun. I'm gonna head over there. All right, you dumb bitch All right. All right. See you later. All right. Bye There goes michelle. All right. All right. Well will dub heart michelle our favorite hosebag Priscilla you still there? Yeah. All right. Uh, we have I think we found a girl that might want to bang you Uh, sabrina. Hello. Hi, what's up? Sabrina? Hi, uh, you're on the line with priscilla. Hi, priscilla Yeah, i'm five seven. I'm And I think I i'm pretty hot and I would love to bang you five seven how much Five seven and I weigh 115. Whoa And what kind of body do you have with that? Boobs, okay natural. Yes, um brunette brunette sure But only one condition my fiance has to watch We hate when you guys bring the the dudes it just wrecks it because then you're all can we videotape it and then I could have it Yeah, he could watch so sabrina. Are you gonna like use the tool? Oh, definitely. Uh, psycho mark wants to know what size boobs you have It's 36c 36c and you're willing to give priscilla the bang. Oh, yeah Oh, I mean So we could we could Sabrina, where are you from? I'm from brooklyn new york brooklyn in the house. All right. Um, well, we'll have you girls down if you guys are really game Oh, definitely All right, uh Priscilla size doesn't bother you five foot 95 pounds. Nope. Not at all. Sabrina. How old are you? 27 27 And uh, should we allow her to bring her her guy down? Look at everyone going no Yeah, no, what if we videotape it? For you videotape it and we'll give you the tape as you leave. Sure Okay Yeah Because it interferes with the show like if your boyfriend's in here watching We feel silly about commenting on what you two are doing Yeah, and it kind of distracts us from really letting the listeners in on what's going on. Yeah Yeah, we have to do our jobs nothing personal. I'm sure he'll be listening. Anyway, he's probably listening right now All right. Um, well if you girls are definitely into this we'll we'll do it asap Okay. All right So we're going to put priscilla on hold and we're going to put uh sabrina on hold and we'll see if uh, If they're not full of s, okay. All right. Okay. Here they go Sabrina and priscilla. Yeah, priscilla wants to be banged. Sabrina is willing to bang priscilla Cool, and priscilla just hung up That don't hang up on her swear the guy did not hang up on her Priscilla call back. Yeah, she hung up but sabrina's still on hold Ah, so get sabrina's info. Maybe it's scared her anthony I don't know what she seemed into and she held on for quite a while All right, we're taking the uh, I want to be a lesbian thing to the next stage We are looking for the uh lesbian fantasies now We got bored with the lesbian couch after that after that bubble bath thing on friday. We got to bring this to the next level Oh, yeah. All right. We got to take a break yet. Okay, and we'll be back stay Hold on. I want to play that Stay there Me L. P and anthony 1027 on wnew The unmistakable sound of corn. Yeah Corn coming to town april 1st continental arena April 8th nassau coliseum. I hope we have some tickets to give away to those shows Corn one of the best flybacks out there right now, man Remember when they used to play like small little shows for the last uh station we Yeah, anthony and now they're like the biggest rock band in america as you speak We don't like these listener parties and stuff with uh, a couple of thousand people at most And uh, there's corn playing we hung out with all those guys a lot. Yeah Now they're huge rock stars, yes they are and you can't get your hands on can't get can't get them to show up here That's for sure. We must interview them three or four times The odds of us getting them in the studio now slim to none. Yeah, but we still like the guys I don't understand why that happens with these bands though Ah, they get people and then they start telling them what to do like god smack, you know sully sully good friend of not just like uh professionally Personally good friend of ours when we were up in uh, massachusetts and when we first moved back back home to new york He was calling the show a lot, but now then all of a sudden k-rock says, uh, Hey, you go over there and talk to them and uh, we're not going to play you right here We're going to make your life a living hell and next thing you know, uh, our pal doesn't know us anymore. Yeah Great. Thanks. Thank you Haven't seen a lot of these bands. No band that is still cool to us. No matter how big they get Uh green day. Yeah green day rocks and they will definitely come on to our show. They don't care Oh, yeah when they come around they will be here. They got a new album. They're working out, right green day Yeah, when they're uh, and they're touring, uh the uh this summer on the warp tour. Okay, cool What iI guarantee you we'll have green day in here breaking stuff because that's what usually happens when we interview green day We don't interview them. They start looking at the record library and breaking the stuff. They don't want to ever hear again They'll come in. That's a great great little uh Segment on the ona show now like other people but corn has a good website too a lot of cool stuff And they know what they're doing with their website corn.com if you want to check it out for yourself. All right All right. How do I find the backwards k on my keyboard? Hey, mike, what's up? The r hey um, I was um, I was talking my friend he said, uh, The drummer for corn he broke his arm and that both kept conscious me the lead drummer Yeah, as opposed to the rhythm drummer. No, no David he broke his arm and the same thing happened last year Yeah, and if he breaks it one more time That he may leave and they may just break up right after that because they said they wouldn't play without any of their members Well, let's hope his arm doesn't break again. Then yeah, it's why they may cancel those two concerts. All right, mike Well, we'll have to wait and see. All right. Bye. Thank you. You're welcome. Why is sabrina calling back sabrina? Hello, you're calling us back. Why? Um, I think you guys are trying to call me oh, uh Rick didn't talk to you. Um, no I'm trying to set it up my cell phone in time. All right, hold on Uh, let's get rick real fast sabrina's back on the line. She's coming in maybe as soon as wednesday To bang priscilla anthony nice. All right, hold on the line. Okay, that's what we need We'll pick you up in a minute there some action and this is our last week before vacation Oh, yeah, gonna go on a little vacation. Yeah. Yeah like People are gonna get mad at us. It seems like we take a lot of vacations No, we haven't we haven't taken a whole week in there. It is since christmas. We just save them up You know and then we have to use them. Yeah, so we use them I'm like, yeah, we haven't had a full week. I'm looking forward to going away and uh, we we start a tradition Uh around christmas Before we take vacation we we like to drink with our with our buds or listen You guys so once again just before vacation this friday, which happens to be saint patty's day Oh my god, we will leave the show Sometime during the show we will walk out with cell phones and we will broadcast the rest of the show Uh at one of the fine establishments in the area very close to our own Broadcasting facilities and I believe we're picking a different place than the last time Not that the last time wasn't a great time That was but we want to spread it out a little bit and we need like uh, because it's very last minute It's not planned. We don't want uh A couple of thousand people trying to get into a place if we uh, if they know where it is a week in advance Yeah, it's not yeah, because it's not like a road show where we're gonna plan out the activities. It's pretty much seriously This is all it is We do some show when we get bored and sick of it. We we uh walk with cell phones We walk to the nearest bar or one of the bars we like in the area right and if you want to join us on friday Great, but don't expect much. I mean we'll we'll bring t-shirts and stuff and then we have a few beers with you guys and Have fun get your green beers drink and then we go away for a week and then we'll be back all fresh and puke on Our shoes and ready to go. So so that's gonna happen friday. Yeah Uh, and when are we gonna announce the bar that we're gonna go to uh friday friday. Yeah, all right I think we should if you really really want to you know hang then just uh, you know Be in the area on friday because it's within a couple blocks of the station always always always always all right All right, if you have something for the show two one two seven five seven one oh two seven the fax line two one two Nine five seven nine six three nine. We're running a little late So we gotta take another quick break here and then we'll and then we'll be back on time and we can Continue with the radio show. Okay, right. So let's regroup and we'll be back stay there I'm a sex god. Yeah, sure. It's the truth. I'm a sex god. You can measure up to keep the points guys. Oh Yeah It's like a little naughty okay I'm a sex god. We love to feel you. It's an excellent physical. Excellent. I thought that game. Yeah, sure Oh my god, i'm getting titillated opi and anthony. This is stupid somebody's gotta get laid 1027 wnew at anthony mountain do the official soft drink of the Ncaa wants to send you to the final four You meaning our listeners one of our one of our listeners and a guest. This is a great contest We got together with mountain dew and it's a very very easy contest all the 64 teams in the tourney Are now up on the wnaw.com website Okay, you go there and you register you pick out what four teams you think are going to be in the final four And we're going to pick one winner I assume if we get a bunch of people that pick the same four teams that happen to be in the final four Then we're going to have a drawing or something Yeah, but you know you got to be in it to win it as they say yes And one person will be flying with a guest to to see the final four live Okay So all you have to do is uh register to win anytime between now And this coming thursday at uh noon anthony and you and I have made our picks Yes, and we got a little side bet going on. I know mine. Do you have your uh your picks down again? I know them. All right. I'm memorized. All right, you guys check this out Check out the difference between o and a okay taking the very conservative, uh route here. I know that yeah I'm going with duke yukon Syracuse and of course st. John's oh, oh p. Oh p. Oh p Anthony your four picks for the final four I'm gonna hear i'm gonna hear laughter from the cars out there. Hey, come on What are your final four picks at the ncaa tournament hofstra? iona cincinnati, okay iona And purdue purdue That's it and and is is is for real because we have a money bet going as well Yeah for every team that uh makes it into the final four Um that anthony picked uh, I will give him 200 bucks. Yeah $200 now for every team that opi picked that gets into the final four. I will pay opi 100 Thus giving me a two to one odds correct So he wasn't just doing it to be a goofball. That is anthony's serious picks for the ncaa Yes That's it Okay, like it isn't a goof iona Please you you you've been all over the iona bandwagon for a while now. Sometimes the goof factor pays off opi That's all i'm saying. Okay. Well if you want in on this little contest we're having it's a very good one Because you have a chance to see the final four live all you have to do is go to the Www.com website And register, uh who you think will be in the final four, okay, right? Uh, so do the do a mountain do and listen to us to win a trip to the final four mountain do everyone Uh, good day new york. I maya quimby would like to be your senator If elected I would use your tax dollars to put opi and anthony on radio stations across this great land syndication now 1027 wnew sophie and anthony You see uh daily news page 33 Hillary greets rudy at saturday night's inner circle show they finally met huh? They do this inner circle thing a good politician stupid broadway thing and uh, they had juliani doing john travolta From a saturday night fever He was dancing in a three-piece john travolta suit. Oh, yeah Uh, let's see Screaming to the black tie crowd. All right, everybody. Let's dance I saw the clip on the news It was the most ridiculous thing you're sitting there almost almost ready to throw up thinking. Oh my god This guy's running in the city. Oh my god He's in a three-piece white john travolta suit doing the dance with the finger from the crotch up and doing a whole little dance And saying okay everybody let's dance The funniest thing is look at this picture let me say look how phony They are as they're shaking hands looking each other and greeting each other Look at Hillary she looks like oh hello. She's such a phony phony You think they actually wanted to shake each other's hands and look He's probably like, okay. I gotta go over to that c word now. No, it's know what hillary's thinking She's going oh my god. Look at the size of that forehead. I had huge He looks just like simon bar sinister. He is It looks like a beluga whale and and that keeps his sonar sensing equipment and rudy as they shake hands is thinking in his head what a sick Yeah Yeah, it's pretty phony. There are two types of women. They find girls and c words. Which one do you want to be? They finally get to meet whoo Dressed in his uh john travolta suit. I I hear after that they headed off to the verrazano bridge where they danced And one of his friends fell off to his death That's amazing. Then they banged some fat bitch in the back seat of the car And beat up some puerto rican's it was a real fun night for the mayor. Uh john, what's going on? What's up? Did you guys see that clip on the news? It was the funniest god damn thing. Oh my god, juliani and drag And donald trump jumping on top of him. What who the hell is running your city? And why why is juliani? Uh constantly uh dressing in drag. He likes it because it's Obviously, he's got a fag sperm or something. Look at this fat clear son I want somebody to put on a strap on and do me do me hillary get on the strap on Yeah, she could do that she's probably got the package herself. All right everybody let's have anal Yeah I didn't get to see the footage anthony says it's hilarious. It is so funny He's just up on stage doing the dance. Doesn't he feel like a buffoon? Doing that. I mean my god, he's running new york city And he's doing the saturday night fever dance and going for a senate run and dressing up in drag You know what he should have done walked up to hillary and just squeezed their fun bags right for the cameras Imagine that shot imagine that photo op who would you vote for? If you see juliani squeezing like her cans, I would have to vote for rudy. Sure vote for rudy. Oh, yeah Yeah, why not? Can't wait for that race to heat up man. Yeah, they won't be shaking each other's hands after the mud starts slinging Mud it's gonna be crap. Hey, look i'm tuning in tokyo Hey hillary nice fun bag Okay, john, thank you pull out his pull out his schwanz. What was the last time you saw one of these you geek She could do the same though. Let's go to jennifer jennifer Hi, hi, jennifer guys. I love your show. We just moved from california and our friends told us listen to Hey, what part long beach long beach the home of the queen mary. Yes, that's where I live of course and the spruce goose Yes, yes, oh I know everything I went to school out there for a while That's where I that's where I met dreamweaver. No dana hills high school. Oh wow Yeah, and dana point. You know what that is? Yes, I do and lakuna beach. Oh, that's beautiful. Yes Are you a hot california, babe? With the blonde hair. No, I don't have blue eyes. No blue eyes. You got the silicone boobs. No You got y'all tan and everything tan. Yep. Yeah, you got a nice bod. Why do you move to new york? Um, because I wanted to got sent to california california Yeah, how long you been in new york? Uh four months. Have you been robbed yet? What? Oh, how old are you? 23 and you just decided to move by yourself or are you with anybody? No, me and my roommate We want to come on your show roommate. Okay, describe your roommate roommate Come on, he's cute. She's And what would you and your lovely roommate like to do on our show anything you want are you two uh, like lover roommates Not yet, but we want to do that for you Is your is your lesbian for the day is she also from cali and everything? Yes, we both are she's blonde hair Yeah, blue eyes. Yeah Now what kind of lesbian for a day fantasy would you like to do? Um, i'll tell you my fantasy we'll do three's company i'll be jack tripper Well, only not the homo version what'd you say jennifer what what would you like to do something with whipped cream come and do my back door We'd be waiting for you. You could be you could be the warm-up act before persilligets are banging on wednesday Okay, would you like to come in with your roommate with a bunch of whipped cream and stuff? Sure other food products possibly Um, I don't know nothing to an sd. Would you like to be part of the blue tarp cabaret? What's that? Oh something we haven't broke out here in new york yet, but uh, you could be the first And you want to explain the blue tarp cabaret to the the fine ladies? Oh, it's uh, it's a very simple concept We spread out a big blue tarp And then we we uh around the edges of the blue tarp We put various food products And you girls get in the middle and decide which food products you want to squeeze all over each other And then you just kind of roll around in and make a big mess Okay, and then we watch you then we watch you shower. What'd you say? Nothing like meat or fish No, no, no No, it's like fun stuff like a chocolate syrup and whipped cream and cherries cherries Uh, and uh, you could even you could even pick out the food products. You'd like. Yeah. Okay, that's fair What would you like the whipped cream whipped cream and cherries? We love chocolate chocolate chocolate What else california? How about a banana? I don't talk that bad. How about a banana bananas? Sure, why not? Very nice like a lesbian sundae All right Um, maybe a little ice cream. Okay nice cream. That's gonna melt. Hey, have you had pizza here in new york? No, we haven't had pizza yet. Ah, let me tell you something california pizza blows monkey ass Oh, you gotta have new york pizza. It's the best Whenever you're from new york and you go to california and you get pizza it's such a mistake. This stuff is horrendous It's a sponge with sauce on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah now get some new york pizza. You'll like that. Okay You guys know you're famous in california, too Why why I don't know. I heard of all about this wow stuff. So I had to come here and listen to it Oh, wow, it's huge. It's very popular. It's all over the country now. It is, huh? All right, jennifer, we're gonna make like a human sundae with you with your uh, hot roommate Yeah, describe yourselves me. Yeah, okay. I'm five four I have long brown hair blue eyes. I have big boobs and a big butt Not too big how big how much you weigh jennifer 130. I don't have cellulite or anything All right. All right a little you're a little solid. That's okay. How big are your boobs? Uh 30 60 All right, that's not bad That's all right now describe your roommate. Okay, she's bigger than me. She's like, let's see about two minutes. No 12 She's like five six. Yeah Maybe she has like short one like short one big blue eyes. She has really big boobs All right, and what about really big I think hers are thick and I really asked her though What about the caboose? Oh, it's fine. It's cute All right, and you're both willing to roll around kind of naked in the blue tarp with some food products All right, and you'll be can you come in wednesday? Wednesday, sure wednesday. All right, very nice, right? You'll be the warm-up act before persilla gets her banging from the great state of california, huh? Can we watch of course as long as you guys put on a good show Yes, if you put on a crappy show we kick you out the door before the banging All right now i'm sure you girls will do just fine. Okay, we're done in monica. All right. Hold on rick's gonna set you up for wednesday Okay, we'll pencil you in we're like we'd like a doctor's office. We'll pencil you in for yeah Okay, 3 30 wednesday make an appointment. All right. Hold on jennifer Okay, that's cute a couple of young girls from california a brand new here in new york How long to find they they find their hacked up bodies in a 55 gallon drum? Down in jersey in the swamps Yeah That's cute for last week before vacation. We got a you know, erica's most wanted We need your help to find these two girls We have to have a nice lesbian fantasy before we go away for a week Yeah, all right. Let's uh go to pete real fast pete. You're next on new. What's up? Yo, what's up, man? Yo, listen, I saw tom brokenshaw on uh rosie today. Oh, yeah. Oh jeez. I've been watching the whole thing all I could hear is uh uh This is tom brokenshaw. Tom brokenshaw. I'm originally here with Rosie o'donnell Oh, he was so pathetic rosie o'donnell the star of the uh getting the mammoth out of the ice show on the discovery channel She's huge Tom brokenshaw and mitchie nightly are sitting next to big fat rosie o'donnell. It could be bigger than the filial oral She certainly displaces more water Wonderful. She was playing the part of the wooly mammoth The discovery channel as they dug her out of the ice And put a blow dryer on her fur Uh Amazing rosie o'donnell star of the mammoth Show on the discovery channel. Tom you sound very drowsy today a little Long weekend a little tired today on this monday. Yes I was hanging out with opi and his friends in huntington drinking at meetings I got quite the bag on as we jumped in his gay cabriolet And started Whisking through huntington drinking and driving I love this taiko mind. Let me hold up a sign behind me. It's i'm brokenshaw All right, tom, um, it sounds like you had fun on rose this morning Tom sounds like you had fun on rose this morning. Uh, tom Tom Tom mommy, I don't want to go to school today No, tom, hello tom brokenshaw nightly nears. Yeah Tom yeah, maybe if I start his music to wake up Wonderful I was sitting next to rosie o'donnell and got caught in her gravitational pull It was amazing. She has so much mass Let's go jack jack. What's going on? Yo, what's up guys? How are you? I saw tom brokenshaw and uh when he was coming out of the rosie taping or whatever Yeah, and I was like yo yo, what do you think of opi and anthony? He first he didn't even look at me or anything And then I was just like yeah opi and anthony o and a o and a and he was just like, uh, I don't know I haven't heard of that. Yeah, good, right. It was just he was so obviously full of it, you know good I hope he doesn't hear about yeah, we don't want him hearing about it. I don't like that. Why not man? Uh special expose on opi and anthony. Yeah, you should put him in a bukkake film All right jack later. Thank you. It's jack mihoff On the phone. Let's go to louis louis. What's going on guys? How are you louis? All right I need your help boys. What's the matter? Uh, my wife sort of made an appointment for me to get a vasectomy and I gotta get out of it Oh Are you serious? Yep, you know you have that deep manly voice, right? This is this is what you're gonna sound like after after the operation hey Yeah, so why does she want you to get the vasectomy Uh, well, we have we have a two-year-old right now Yeah, he was born with a little bit of a problem like a genetic problem Nothing like uh something internal with his intestines and they're saying if we have other kids it could possibly happen, right? Yeah, so what kind of like if she had a bad pregnancy and all that whole junk So we really you know, I don't want to have her go through that pain again. You know what i'm saying? What's wrong with the pill? Uh, she can't take the pill man. I'm not for uh So you call the chemicals there, you know what i'm saying? So you're chemicals. So you're you're willing to get the uh, the tubes, uh, Oh, i'm i'm not willing i'm not willing at all. So why don't you just tell her i'm a little um, you know, unsure about this Because then it will cease and desist, you know what i'm saying? Excuse me, louis If I may get offer a suggestion my guy's in here. Dr. Tyson. I practice ob gyn What does that spell? I don't know what it's spelled but louis. I got an answer for you You don't want the facet to me but but your wife don't want no more children's Okay, here's what you do call dr Mike i'll come over the house. We'll make an appointment and I will slam her so hard in her uterus The kid you have now will feel it Okay Or you could try Slam your girl in the uterus home kid that we're putting out now It's a mike tyson instructional thing on how to punch your girl in the uterus Hey Hey All right All right, louis, this is what we're gonna do for you the guys are calling like crazy and they want to give you advice No, i'm serious. So if you can hold on we're gonna take quick break and we're gonna get the guys uh, give me advice next Okay All right. Are you on a car phone? That's all about it's going to be like a four minute break And then we're going to get some uh, some good advice for you Yeah, i'm sure no i'm serious a bunch of guys saying do it don't do it, you know, they want 29 have been married Eight years, you know, all right. Let me uh, take a quick break and we'll uh, we'll get to the bottom of this next All right. All right. I'll hold if you have uh, if you have advice for louis, we'll we'll take that next stay there That's why it's kind of like a car wreck on the highway you're gonna have to you know Tune this in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next And then we refuse to be responsible for those trees up we refuse to be responsible Anthony we have louis on the line. Yeah Uh louis you're there, right? Yeah. Okay, we're gonna get some advice for you Uh louis's wife wants uh him to get a vasectomy anthony. Uh, wow So let's uh, let's get some advice Oh the pain the pain of a door Let's go to john john. What's going on? Your hands touching my testicles I need them for William Uh john you got some advice for louis. Yeah. Hey ass, why don't you wear a condom? Oh, dear john. Hello john. How old are you? John dear boy, how old are you? Would you like to bunk with dr zachary smith You've heard of lost in space how about lost in anus That's great so john you're 15 and uh, and you suggest that louis wears a condom. Yeah one idiot John wait till you get a little older. Yeah boy. Yes, what an idiot things get a little different when you get older john Condom and he doesn't even have to worry about hair getting rolled up in it He's only worried about his hands right now wait till he gets another couple years old. It'll be all right Yeah, I need a little more in my hand there buddy Uh, wow 15 year old john trying to uh, create barbs with he's a spunky one isn't he just like dear William Hey john louis is gonna get his nuts. Uh clip there Uh, have fun. All right. Thank you john All right No, that doesn't uh work there with the vfk. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Oh, uh, hold on. Let's uh, let's go to jim jim You're on with louis Yeah, what's up, man? Go ahead and do it. It's no problem. It's no big deal Oh, yeah, I had it done like five years ago Sex is still great. No problem whatsoever louis. What's the question you have for jim? Now, uh, I was told that it's it's done with a laser that they put like a little pin-sized hole and it's a outpainting operation Yeah, it's it's done in there Basically, most of the guys are any good at it can do it right in their office local and organic and it's done Oh, yeah, great, right they could chop them off in their office, too. What does that mean? You know, let's uh, let's go to mike get more advice here mike. What's going on? Hey, what's up guys? I got I got two things for this guy a Either she gets her tubes tied or b This is the way I do things. All right, this is what you got to do. Just agree with her, right? Make her tell make her think that you don't want to do anything else more than this vasectomy Make the phone call sound very excited and the minute she feels like you're really down with it and you want to do it She'll forget about it because once there's not an argument women don't really give her you know what i'm saying? So just agree with her be like, yeah, I can't wait I'm really excited and then once you go and do it she'll be like, oh, you know We don't have to do this because when it's not an argument, they don't really care Yeah, but guys you're gonna be there going to me to consult patients. She's gonna be going with me when i'm going to the surgery I'm on vacation in three weeks man. It's sweet. She has it all planned out already dude I'm going to be getting it done when i'm on Lois she's symbolically castrating you dude. Yeah, lois You might as well give her the all the junk so she can keep it in her purse And give it back to you when uh, she wants to just put a snap on the back or belt from they won't tie up tubes Now she's too young because they definitely won't do that You know, they use it really for some reason ethical about doing it to women but could give a crap less about us Yeah, but are you sure are you sure it's uh, it's you and not her maybe she's the one with the gimmick problem How old is she? She's 25 25 old enough for tubes tie. That's not too old for tubes tie. No, they won't do it man Of course they will especially if you have a kid already and how old are you louis? I'm 29 29 All right, i'm going with doctor or a priest. Let me let me try to get some uh, actually act like they're priests Oh, man, he's doctor's urologist. All right, let's let's go to fred fred What do you have for louis who uh who's thinking of getting a vasectomy louis you yo louis. Yeah, don't do it I had one done about what this about four years ago I'm telling you something dude. That's like a major invasion of the most private area you could ever imagine i'm telling you It's not pleasant. Ah I'm probably the hardest part of the whole thing Was first of all having these gorgeous nurses look over the doctor's shoulder while you're there totally exposed And just I mean it's like the most humiliating thing but then the doctor starts jamming needles right in the old sack I'm telling you I had six needles in the old sack And about half through the I I started feeling something the doctor goes. Oh, oh what you're not supposed to be feeling anything I'm like, well tell my nuts that It was not pleasant. Uh, and then of course you're completely uh inoperable for uh, several weeks afterwards and uh, I would tell you that you know, ultimately You definitely lose something in the sensation. It's just it sex is not the same as it was before I don't care what anybody wants to tell you the doctor was there telling me. Oh, yeah Yeah, I did my own in my own office and I did his own I swear to god that's what the guy told me He did his own vasectomy. That's great He goes, I don't know any urologist who haven't done their own. Meanwhile, he's trying to sell me on the six hundred dollar operation Do you it's not like you're working on your buick Jesus christ the guy's doing his own vasectomy I swear to god. I would love to see a video of that man. Oh I zip a hair up in the zipper and i'm screaming I'm taking a scalpel to the side of my sack Five minutes and i'll be Right back to work. I could actually have it done in the morning and go back to work in the afternoon if I really wanted to Oh great. Yeah, and I don't think oj was at the scene for more than five minutes either. Look at the mess he made I don't think five minutes really matters much You gotta you gotta be at some kind of uh, I don't know. Uh, uh You gotta be some kind of masochist to think you're gonna be symbolically castrating you she is taking it as far as it is legally Possible to castrate you Anthony. Yeah, you're right. Yes, all right You're absolutely right and and I tell you that uh, you know My sex life is about down to next to zero now oddly enough a couple of years later. It's like, you know I'm telling you dude. Don't do it. All right, fred. Thank you More advice for louis here. Hold on Uh, louis, hold on one second. Okay. Yeah. Yeah Uh, I say he tells her uh All right All right. Sorry. Oh you heard that? Yeah, you can't see it out of me there. I'm sorry. Uh adam adam from glen Glen cove on the instant feedback Uh advice for louis instead of a condom or a vasectomy a nice herpes canker makes a good sex preventative Happy virus hunting Uh Nice and this just in yeah, this just into the ona studio. Yeah Uh chuck from the bronx Gorilla with wow sign on channel two No way Someone taking the wow experience in the next level and then devin from paddison confirming it on the instant feedback Damn you all to hell Someone dressed as a gorilla with a wow sign jumping around like a monkey screaming. Okay terrific on channel two live shot That's why I was laughing during the vasectomy discussion because um, no ben handed this to me Okay, terrific The gorilla has a wow sign. He's jumping around like a monkey screaming. Okay terrific on channel two live We went to channel two and I guess it happened a few minutes ago because it nothing's going on there We want that guy here in the studio that guy should come to the studio now Chris from jersey turn on channel two for monkey with a wow sign Gorilla on channel two Instant feedback exploding monkey on channel two with wow screaming Okay Oh, I gotta see this god damn someone better tape that I have gotta see that everyone's flipping the channel too. I think it's over I think it happened about five or ten minutes. I don't think you get a second chance at that point. No People getting creative with the wow now Okay Let's go back to uh, louis damn dirty Damn you Uh, let's get some more advice for louis. I had a break in with that a little bit of news dan what's going on Hey guys, how you doing? Good Uh listen I had four kids my wife wanted me to go do it my next door neighbor had it done He couldn't walk for three days Couldn't walk. That's great. Louis. Yeah, you play baseball I actually do. Yep. All right, give it a great just graze in the nuts Now I hear great now, can you imagine them doing that to you? No, but then you're white doing you're sending your wife doing you get the oil lube job Do the oil lube job and the wife and that's it no way no way nobody touches the scrotum area boys. Oh my god Thank you guys What dan? Dan, all right, you know what happened the other over the weekend? um me and the girlfriend playing like uh Nerf football in in one of the drug stores near the house just kind of screwing around a little toy section The thing took a bad hop hit me in the right nut direct direct impact And and like you know how the pain doesn't set right in no It's a deep hit. I don't even know where that pain comes from. You know, it's coming You know, you're just waiting for it after you get hit in in the in the nut It's like you're just waiting for the pain. You know, it's coming. So it's like, okay. It's not here yet So I get in position. I'm down like on my knees Hunched over waiting all of a sudden Uh That nauseating lower abdominal dull pain kicks in it comes from deep within within it hurt so bad And that's just a nerf football hitting you in the sack. Yeah. Now, let's break out the frigging cutlery What is that? Oh and this just did I swear Brian, you're sick f brian from hackensack on the instant feedback. Hey guys, I just saw patrick gulen with the wow sign on channel two So I did not write that look i'll even crumple up the paper It was printed up All right, let's go to jimmy who's a surgeon jimmy. Yes. Hi guys. How are you? Good. Thanks. Listen, I want to tell this guy that he's crazy Not only is he so young not to do this but the surgery has a million side effects including infection But forget about that a lot of people lose Lose their sensation when uh when they have this done so sex will never be the same after he does this And he's way too young. What if he dumps this woman and wants to get married and have kids with another lady Yeah, we already discussed that and the reason being it's some guy that we know Just had he had a reverse surgery a reverse Mysicomy and his wife is having a baby like any day or something, but he he was in more pain Getting the goddamn reverse Then I could even imagine never wanting to be in with this. I gotta tell you The reverse 30 percent of time does not work So, I mean this is a permanent procedure as far as you're concerned you're crazy for wanting to do this All right. Thank and jimmy you're a surgeon. Yeah, i'm a surgeon than that. All right, cool Thank you more emails coming in joe from new york. Uh, oh jay with a wow sign on channel two Um was was that a monkey? Okay terrific bob from hemstead funniest thing I ever seen on channel two gorilla jumping around screaming. Okay terrific with a huge wow sign Harry ape on channel Who is that guy get down in the studio before seven we want to talk to you man I gotta see this guy in complete gorilla regalia. Yeah, you gotta show up with the gorilla outfit on Holy smoke. All right. Uh, well louis, uh, I don't know what to tell you A few people are saying no big deal have it done. Not not as bad as everyone's saying Well, let us know if you go through with it, okay Yeah, well, I have to go saturday for a consultation. All right, and then it's going to get done in two weeks So, all right. Good luck to you, man. All right guys. Definitely call back. We want to know how it plays out All right. No problem. All right. There goes louis getting a vasectomy very very soon anthony. Yeah, let's go to mary mary What's going on? You're next on w. At aw. Hey, I want to sing my offensive song You want to sing your offensive song you want to be in the most offensive song contest? Hey, what's the prize anyway, uh, we don't really know yet. We'll come up with something pretty cool We really don't know where we're trying to come up with some. Yeah, like ancha said some cool Okay, cool. It's like a grab bag prize if you win you could grab my bag All right, let's hear your most offensive song. It's called eat my period I don't even know if you can say that on the air. So all it means opi is uh, she Writes a sentence on a piece of paper, right? And then at the end of a sentence everybody that's been to school knows that you draw a period Yeah, right. Yeah. Well you tear that period off of the paper at the end of the sentence and you eat it Okay, it's eating her period. Okay That's all there is to that's the name of your song. You got to record it and get it in here about grammar Well, let's uh, you you want to have a band or anything. You want to sing it right now for us? acapella Okay, all right. All right, someone count how many times uh, we are dumped out here, but it's a grammar thing Sure, I think it's bad. So punctuation. All right. Well, let's let's hear your song. Uh eat my period. Okay. Okay Great big I think john the dumb guy is hemorrhaging as we speak. Yeah, his head just exploded. I I heard his head explode. All right, we uh, we dumped out a few times. Yeah Um, I heard his head explode from here four times four times and it's still going Yeah, um, well, I mary, uh, we like the song. Um You might have to get it on tape and send it in so we can bleep it out so we can get it on the radio But it's good. It might be a hit though eat my period Thank you mary, thank you. Bye. Okay john's dumb finger is bleeding now Now let's explain the rules of the most offensive song contest. Yes, it's got to be very offensive But it's got to be able to be played on the radio. Yeah, that's the key here gang Like you can't just have the f song or the the c song They got to get a creative enough where it's something we can play on the radio, right? We went through some entries today. Nothing worth playing on the radio today, by the way Encouraging everyone to get their entry in before it's too late I am just laughing my ass off, man Is that true someone just said on mbc Uh, someone was holding a big wow sign and running behind the camera screaming syndication now Oh my god, holy s iron mike on the news holding a wow sign yelling. Okay, terrific He's climbing the side of the building in new york Like See if the monkey can hang a picture maybe he could take black girls job Oh, wow, I think channel two is desperate for ratings. They just put lt with a wow sign Come on people ted from whitestone. Haha big hairy gorilla or was it really warner wolf? Okay, terrific That al sharpton will do anything for Come on, man, you guys are out of your mind, man Oh, I guess i'll uh, I guess no one heard the song anthony Uh mike, what's going on? Yeah, what's happening? How are not one word made it over dude not one Well, they're like, okay, go ahead sing nothing. Did the title of the song make it on the radio? Yeah, that made it on the radio But then all they go you're like, all right, go ahead. Let's hear it And then i hear anthony talking about the dumb guy's head just exploded. That was it. There was nothing well And you know, we we love hating john, but I think in this case he did the right thing It was that bad. Oh my god. Yeah, her song was eat my period and it was uh, yeah I look at john also saying I didn't hear anything the entire song is not Yeah, everyone is saying a one word nothing zippo Well, if she sends it in then we could kind of clean it up meaning putting put some beeps in there Absolutely gotta hear it where you hear the beeps and you know exactly what word is being, you know beeped out Then you guys could share in the fun like this Thank you mike. All right, we gotta take a break. Yeah another channel four, uh Confirmation coming in channel four had what a wow sign on channel four, uh with somebody screaming syndication now behind the camera That's nice it's slowed down for a while but uh, the psychopaths are back in full force and nice Okay, we'll take a break and we'll uh come right back with your phone calls in just a bit stay right where you are We found a girl that could shoot stuff from the private area more stupidity on the way 1027 w n e w sure the mics aren't on there stack it to the world's strongest fat burner anthony Huh? Yeah, I I don't even think we could continue with the show The feedback is hilarious I haven't seen the tape We need a tape of the guy dressed as a gorilla jump it up and down live on channel two with a wow sign saying Okay, terrific. I tell you something if we get that tape We're going to need resuscitation equipment in the studio Uh a gorilla yelling, okay The feedback just exploded people are like they can't breathe. They're laughing so freaking hard. They're saying it's the funniest thing they've ever seen All right, uh, yeah and stacker to the world's strongest fat burner Yes, you gotta lose the weight coming up springtime. You're gonna be shedding the clothes and you're gonna see that big fat ass The coat's coming off. You're gonna see the bunt the awning over the intimate area You gotta burn that off with stacker to the world's strongest fat burner You know over uh 40 million americans are too big. Oh, you know, they're big fat people Where'd you read that 40 million? How the hell did you know that? I keep these stats in my head with the voices that tell me to you can't back people up in the head with space You can't figure out who to pick for the final four, but you know that stack 40 million 40 not 40 million people Okay stacker two Uh, yeah, so you gotta burn off the weight stacker two does that world's strongest fat burner? It also cuts the cravings to snack during the day and it gives you a boost of energy Like two cups of coffee Oh my god flying today For monday, too. This is nice I think I like myself like three times. I'm just like bouncing up and down like a kid He needs to wet himself. Well stacker two gives you a boost energy. So if you're petering out during the day That'll help you out And uh, yeah lose the weight with stacker two. Okay, tell them how to get it all. Well, I could do that anthony They have a website Www.stacker2.com or you could give them a call much easier way 1-800-Lightline. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E Stacker two the world's strongest fat burner thousands have proven it works Hi, this is lewis black from the daily show and you were listening to two of the most psychotic human beings i've ever met My pals opi and anthony on 102.7 wnew. Ah, yes, lewis. Thank you lewis Lewis did a great job down there at the stress factory new brunswick new jersey over the weekend had a lot of fun I want to thank vinnie and the gang for treating us real nice down there funny man Lewis cracked them up big time Cold chamber Yeah Yeah I think they're playing tomorrow night, right? Whole chamber playing roseland tomorrow night with typo typo negative. I don't know. I'm just waiting for no doubt. I I see that I see that Ben had to come in here and tell you that he's still working on your tickets for no doubt anthony Yeah in front of everybody always does it in front of everybody and he also uh very loudly Hey anthony, i'm still working on your no doubt tickets and then he goes and oh i'm trying to get those corn tickets for you Like thank you very much ben. You can say that loud anytime you like anthony no doubt opi corn You've seen corn though they do rock hell, yeah. All right. Uh, a lot of people calling in early about um, what did we learn? But first let's go down the metal lands The metal lands and uh talk to chris Ross warriors down at the metal lands tonight, right? Yeah. Hey, what's up chris? How are you? Yo, there's so many fba baby raper signs here. It's beautiful baby rapers baby rapers We deliver keggers. It's beautiful. Are they if there's a baby raper sign on ross war tonight i'm gonna i'm gonna Pee myself. No, i'm i'm sitting by the ramp. I got my baby raper sign ready to go Oh baby, what you guys gotta do you gotta do the the famous monday night football stunt, you know monday night football This goes back to when howard kussel was huge howard kussel And uh, they they go on the stands and they they show a sign. I forgot exactly but look at that monkey run Remember that one? Yeah, they had a sign that said abc is number one or something like that monday night football is number one And uh, the camera guy, you know focuses right in on the sign as soon as they knew they were on uh on on tv They flip the the sign really fast and it says something like howard kussel sucks or something like that That's what you gotta do with those signs because there's no way they're gonna put them on tv No, oh we're getting on tv. Oh, and hey, don't you worry about it. Nice All right, i'll be watching at home All right. Hey, yeah coming down on wednesday. I come to you guys. We're going to the city on wednesday On the air officially we gotta say no because it's getting a little crazy around here getting insane every day There's visitors and we got gifts for you and we can't let everyone in every day because yeah And you guys go away pissed off and stuff. So Uh, I like it for you So if we get in you guys he is calling for an appointment though, unlike a lot of people that just drop in All right. We'll pencil you in wednesday wednesday. All right All right. All right. In case you now have fun down there. Okay. All right See you look for spaz and psycho mark and a couple of the other of the other uh guys from the show They'll be down there to party where they're gonna be Uh, where where are they gonna be they don't mind you guys running into them Do you know where they're gonna be up there? Oh, they're gonna be way up top Spaz is down on the floor with like a huge banner Uh, be sure to say hi. He usually has this big like flag that says wow. So I love it. All right All right. See you later. All right, man. Oh, yeah Unconfirmed reports that new york won the channel was just hit by a psychopath We're having a good day. It started this morning. Okay terrific Uh a gorilla jumping up and down on channel two about a half hour ago gorilla with a wow sign. Uh yelling Okay, terrific unconfirmed reports. NBC was hit and now new york won it. We've had multiple reports of NBC so that's uh Just about a confirmation. Okay, but um, yeah new york won now We're getting reports in that they have been hit by psycho mark psychopath What a day what a day what a day what a day what a day A lot of people jumping in early about what did we learn? So we I guess we could start that and see where we we end up here I think it's been a very educational show. I don't know what the hell we did today. I had fun. Uh, tom, what's up? Yo, how are you? And here everybody here. What's up? All right, man Uh that guy lewis he should get the vasectomy. Uh, lewis should get the vasectomy the guy they called him 20 minutes ago Yeah, okay, we got enough retarded kids running around his one is plenty. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Thank you Bye our buddy joe soprano checking in with what he learned. Yeah, um on instant feedback What did I learn today screw the sims the hot video game of the moment is wall street Syndication eventually That's pretty good Ira from washington heights I learned today never to eat dinner during the six o'clock news because when some nut in a gorilla Uh suit with a wow sign shows up. I'm gonna be laughing so hard. I'm gonna blow chunks. Okay, terrific Uh matt from orange county new york what I learned today hearing you guys talk about fags shivers me me member. I get good All right There was just a goofy looking Yeah, hopefully Since there was a goofy looking guy on fox holding up a sign saying quit picking on me I'm getting a dodge durango in a week I don't think that happened. I'm gonna try to get something Something to let's go to ed ed what's going on? What's up? Wait, where are you? Oh, they're harassing the plj van all right at the metalhead that's always welcome We like that. We like battles enemies of the station enemies of the show You guys are the best we like that. We like that. We'd have a van. We'd have a van We'd have a van down there, but I don't think it would make it With a van yeah, i'm looking at the very nice this guy tied or gay in the morning I'm a van god god take it in the blue night in the morning You're harassing their van driver Yeah, i'm harassing the hell out of a man poor guy makes four bucks an hour Oh All right Hey, thanks. Have fun down there. All right masturbation now. All right Bye there goes that Masturbation. I was gonna go tonight too, man. I should have went sounds like it's gonna be a party you go on a cycle mart Everyone wants to know where you're gonna be they want to run it down. We'll have the n.e.w van there Oh, we we are gonna bring that piece of crash it right into the blc. We have the worst We have the worst radio van the worst It's not that bad. It does donuts. It's horrible. All right, so you're gonna show up at the van You guys gotta leave man. People are already there. Sorry the way we drive. We'll be there in a minute All right, is this true? Oh because I don't know much about basketball especially college ball So I don't even know what the schedule is Is it possible that Hofstra already lost their first round game? No, okay tournament starts Thursday at good because some guys are razzin me here thursday at noon Calling say and you are an idiot Let's uh, let's make sure everyone uh registers for the the final four tournament if you're a big college basketball fan Or if you're not you just want to try to win a trip to the final four. That's pretty freaking cool You just go to wnew.com And uh, you know register who you think is going to be in the final four and then we're going to pick a winner for The trip very simple easy contest just go to wnew.com Dot com for all the info and how to register. Okay guy just jinxed it now I'm gonna win win it all and we got to thank mountain dew for giving us this trip to give away very very cool Of those guys the official soft drink of the ncaa in right uh Faster mark. Well, let's go to the phones and play. What did we learn? Yo, uh, andrea if these don't get f'ing fixed if I have to hear that inane tapping one more day You got yeah for the faithful listeners every time you hear this Because the phones are crapping out and no one's getting the hint. No one can figure out what is what is wrong with the phones Day after day, we're hitting these uh, it's like, you know what? It's getting turning into I swear to you And this is the god's honest truth with me It's turning into a chinese water torture Like we go to the phones and i'm just waiting for it You know what it is. That's how the torch works like the drips of water He get far ahead and the they just sit there go. Oh look around that. Look he's going crazy Chinese water torture and the water would drip Whip whip whip on your head and the thing that drives you crazy is the anticipation of the next drop hitting your head and I swear The anticipation of the next tap is it's freaking me out and we figured out there's the only way to get rid of it Because what you're hearing and what we're hearing in our head Chinese water torture Look around I go crazy. It's the only you sign say you imperialistic pig Criminal of China, it's the only way we can fix the phones though I know the noise we're hearing in the headphones We have to do it really quick because it's really really annoying. You think the tapping is annoying on your speaker in the car It's worse in our our ears, uh Who's on the line? Andre? What's up? Andre? Not much what's going on? Uh, I guess we're playing a quick round of what do we learn on the opium anthony show today? You know, it's funny last time I called up. I said that I learned that line three sucks. I guess it's still Well, this is line 11 so now the problems good spreading out all over the place right yeah I learned that opi gets real real jittery when you guys are talking about wine dance Yeah, because I every night I mean that was the shortcut home from uh bab and I did uh straight path and it was uh It was scary, man. Oh, oh you jumped when anthony hit the gunshot. Yeah That came out of nowhere I was like what the hell was that That was great. All right, cool indication now guys. Hey, thank you Here's an obscure what I learned today from george and jersey. I learned that jay more is now doing bachelor parties That's good, I like that one Uh rod, what's up? We do love when you guys get obscure with these rod keeps it interesting. Hey, dude How you doing good? What did you learn on the show today? I learned that uh, first of all the best way to listen Ona is on hold secondly Oh, you heard that I heard that dude. It was great. What'd you hear eat my period? I heard eat my period in its entirety. I know what else did Uh, the second thing I learned is that i'll never watch a two-hour tlc special And the third thing I learned is I hope they can clone the mammoth only for one. That was the discovery channel for ours I'm, sorry discovery so that the mammoth will not only trample but gore the guy that frog with his tusks French guy the french guy. Yeah All right. Yeah, you watched that piece of crap last night I gotta tell you I stayed for the whole two hours because you were convinced it was going to get better, right dude I was so disappointed by the end They get this monster helicopter to come in and lift a block of ice out of the uh out of the tundra there Whatever it would have made the show is if the helicopter shuttered and crashed that's what I was hoping for I was like, I gotta tell you see the blades of the motors were bending a little bit I I don't ever want to watch a guy blow dry, uh mammoth tubes again. Yeah, that was a little weird That was a little late. You know something does this planet really need a mammoth now if they want to clone it and get it back Is there a reason they were extinct? Maybe there's not enough room anymore for the wooly mammoth Yeah, oh, I also learned one more thing. It's just a girl That can be pretty wild that they can like, uh bring back some of these extinct species That's what we need huge frigate that you you We can't keep the the animals that we have on this planet already from extinction And we want to bring back some that have already been uh extinct through natural causes I mean the mammoth just its time on this planet ran out and there was a reason for it I don't think we should bring it back You know, what are they gonna do put them in some zoos? They can't have it Roaming the the earth like it used to yeah Please what's next the brontosaurus here? We need brontosaurus Just because I did crap on my car from crows are bad enough I'm gonna go out and all the bronco just crapped on my car on my hood. Where's my snow shovel? Hey frank Hey guys, how you doing? Good. What'd you learn on the show today? Well, I learned that on the weekend anthony likes to go to the movies and then he takes it in the rear from strange russian men Well, no the russian man was uh close to his rear No, my ear I said close to your ear my ear. That's what I said. Close to your ear He was talking on a cell phone close to my ear close to your ear I think you're on all fours in the balcony in all right. Oh, you got me Ej jiga from westchester oh and I learned that who needs cancun when you could go to nutley new jersey for spring break That's good one steve from union new jersey I learned to always leave enough room to make a u-turn when stopped at a train crossing that happens to be in a dark neighborhood Oh my goodness, uh ed from jersey Oh, wow all right Can't censor our show can we I learned that nigga charlie is still alive and he's on the news with the wow sign Oh, come on I still need the frame for my poster the legend of nigga charlie. Let's go to anthony see anthony. What's up? What's going on guys? How are you? I learned today that there's a place called maltese in this world. Yeah Yeah, and I also do the nutley thing with that guy. I got me already with that one Now maltese is an island between italy and africa. I think it's malta right maltese right it is malta I think the island is malta and the people are maltese, but okay beautiful But we asked her where where maltese was from and she said it was an island between that's what the puerto rican drink The goya drink malta Goya from the case in apricot four regular diamond dust all right fine 10-4 to you can't leave our show without hearing that just once uh scott your next on wnew Hey guys, hey Yeah, I learned that if the word vasectomene comes out of my wife's mouth I should punch her in the uterus. How old are you scott 11? You don't remember? I called about the uh sex ed question Yeah, oh, yeah We asked you to ask your sex ed teacher if the vagina has teeth Which made it was a real big hit in health class and then everyone had to send the jpeg of the vagina with the false teeth Thank you. Yeah, thanks. I got that picture 100 times. Thank you Thank you scott. All right jason from bloomfield. I learned that we should uh forget syndication now and start fix the phones now Yeah, let's start with fixing the time. Let's start with fixing the phones before we try to syndicate this mess of a radio show somewhere else right I learned that when you don't have the money to pay anthony make a bet with him over something. He knows nothing about That's a charlie from jersey give him credit good job i'm thinking If I get all four of my teams in the final four 100 per team that gets into the final four you have to pay me then i'll only owe you 200 bucks 200 for the cruise I'm not like you where i'm day trading making all this cash. Oh, yeah You're the slow and steady guy slow and steady. You've made a hell of a lot of money Even though you haven't sold one stock since you've gotten into the market Two years ago and when it comes back it comes to paying other my friends back. I'm slow and steady slow I'm still waiting maybe when he sells i'm running out of excuses too, man I've tried everything but i'm gonna have obi's got like stock in the first telephone company ever made. I got up It's not that bad I only started investing like you know what you should have sold that god damn biotech stock you have I know one when it went up to what 24 it was up there now It's a down a few you were up to just a few you know what it is you were a big uh you were All hot shot with your with your broker. He called up and said opi. I recommend uh you sell this And opi said no the next day it went up like five points and the broker calls opi back and goes good call Good thing you didn't sell it right. You should have said okay. Well sell it now Yeah, because now now the broker's right 10 points down from its high and now you are in now It's at it's lower than the point where the broker said it's right Got greedy at it. You did can't get greedy can't get greedy playing the market You're never gonna buy on the absolute low and sell on the absolute high. All right Well, we got to get out of here. Yeah, got a micro next we had fun today I don't I don't know if we really did anything. It seems to me people learned a lot So we we've done our part. All right and more educated new york and if the gorilla is listening Yeah, we need that gorilla if the guy that was in the gorilla outfit with the wow sign sign jumping up and down Oh, oh, Jesus christ saying okay terrific live on channel two We want you on the show tomorrow and someone's got to send us a tape immediately We got to see for ourselves. Yeah, I got to see that and with that. We'll see you guys tomorrow, too Thank you very much for listening to the opi and anthony show. All right Opi keep your hands away from your pants Uh, do I and anthony? Yeah, i'm just a plain fat more stupidity on the way 10270