 Okay and Anthony stupid we had guys lifting stuff with their units Scotty you've got to get a protective membrane vaginal seal back up We had guys coming that enjoyed getting kicked in the ass Big service. You really don't know where the uh, fan points are, right? Just, ah, Ivory has reloaded. Oh, that one, yeah that one just over 8 feet OB and Anthony. Dopey ass show. WNEW. Hello Anthony! Hey, hey. It's FU Friday. We made it to the end of another week of broadcasting, Anthony. Where's our goddamn coffee? Yeah, what happened to our coffee? We need coffee. We do the coffee thing now before the show. It needs coffee. It needs coffee. Where's the coffee? Please. Thank you, please. Yeah. Are we sending Stinky to get coffee or what? Go ahead, Stinky. We gotta put Stinky on the spaz camp today. Why? Because he's goofy. Because he's goofy. What then? You might as well say it on the air. What? Hit space bar to turn on your... Hit space bar? Alright. Yeah, it's FU Friday, Anthony. Yeah. Of course, if something pissed you off this week, and you want to tell a couple million people, you give us a call. 212-757-1027, right? Feel free. Or you can send a fax. If you're going to send a fax, make it short and to the point, because we get probably like a thousand faxes by the end of the show. We're not going to read the long drawn out ones. Make it short and quick, and we'll try to read that on the air as well. 212-957-9639 is the fax line. Right. Also, a lot of controversy over the most offensive song contest. Oh, Jesus. Unbelievable. Oh, oh. People just going crazy. Yeah. I mean, people angered by this contest. And it is the most offensive song ever written contest. So, of course, people are going to call in and email, because it's offensive. The most offensive. And yesterday, I think when we played the song that is in the lead right now, which is Baby Raper. Baby Raper. You know, go figure. Someone would get all pissed off at a song with the title Baby Raper. Well, you know, this is the People's Radio Show. We did ask you guys if we should go forward with this contest, and you guys said you have to go forward with this contest. Did you at some point start humming that last night? In the middle of the night. In the middle of the night, I had to take a leak. Yeah. So, the outrage is incredible. Yeah. The boss was on the phone half the morning. He said, yeah. Very angry. We tried to explain that this contest would get really ugly. It's only going to get uglier, by the way. Yeah. I mean, the songs are starting to pour in now. That just set the bar at where you have to be. And I must say, we had what, Rick, about 10 entries today? About 10 entries today? None of them will be played on our radio show today. Why is that? Because they don't come close to Baby Raper. Uh-huh. We would disappoint you guys if we played the entry that came in today. They don't come close. And a lot of people voting for the fetus song, too. Kill a fetus. Coming back, uh... Coming back strong. After people had a day to mull it over. Coming back strong in the email, Anthony. People thinking it over. We've decided that we're going to have a road show, and we're going to get, like, you know, the top four or five most offensive songs and have those people play them live in front of like 1,500 of our listeners. They'd love that. We'll have the listeners decide who wrote the most offensive song. Rock. So as we speak, we're trying to get a road show together for early April. Yeah. A couple weeks into April, maybe mid-April. Sure. So you still have time to get your song in for the contest. Right. Jesus. Well, the phones are just going BS right now, so let's take a quick break, Anthony. All right. And we'll be back. We'll go right to the phones next and see what you guys are talking about today, okay? Cool. 212-757-1027. Lots to do today, by the way. We're going to play all the offensive songs that we've gotten so far. We've got Smelly Karen coming in for her sponge bath. Yeah. It's FU Friday. And of course, whatever you guys want to add as well. All right? 212-757-1027. Opie and Anthony. Oh, those guys are fast! 1027-WNEW. Hey, Anthony, Mountain Dew. Yeah, we've got something going on with Mountain Dew, don't we? Yes, we do. Mountain Dew, the official soft drink of the NCAA, wants to send you to the Final Four. On Monday, March 13th, this coming Monday, the 64 teams goes up on the WNEW website. All right, Anthony? Looking for you college basketball fans to go to www.wnew.com to register your picks for who will make it to the Final Four. Registration ends on Thursday, March 16th at 12 noon. And we'll keep everyone up to date on what's happening in the tournament and how many people we're down to, stuff like that, okay? Right. Once the Final Four teams are announced, we're going to announce the winner, and that person is going to fly to see the Final Four live and in person, Anthony. Great. This is a great trip. So keep the weekend of April 1st open. So do the Dew of Mountain Dew and listen to us to win a trip to the Final Four. You get to start registering on Monday. Go to www.wnew.com. WNEW New York, Infinity Broadcasting. OP and Anthony. How often do you get solicited for somebody's cell phone or somebody's uterus? More stupidities on the way. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW, the OP and Anthony show. One of the many things we're doing on the show today is featuring all the offensive songs that we have received. Of course, Stephen Lynch. Yes. I don't know. I think we have about five or six from him alone, Anthony. Very offensive. But if we're going to be playing offensive songs today that we have received, we've got to play Stephen Lynch's pre-song. That one's very offensive. And of course, we've got to play the one that started it all in a little while, the FBA. Full Blown AIDS. Full Blown AIDS. That was the inspiration for our contest, most offensive song ever written. Yeah. Very bad. As the show goes on, we'll play all of them. Sure. Okay. Maybe even one more play of the Barry Manilow most offensive song. That one's good just for the fact that the guy can't sing. Yeah. His voice is offensive. And we'll play that one next, as a matter of fact. All right. Let's go to the phones and see what everyone is talking about. We'll go to Antonio. Antonio! Anthony! Hello. Hello. Hello, hello, hello. Hello. Anthony! Oh, hello. Every day it's something different with the phones. Are you there, Anthony? Okay. Now I can't hang up. Uh-oh. It'll be one of those days, isn't it? Kevin! Yeah. Hey, what's up, Kevin? How you doing? How are you? Good. Good. That last song was great. The Kitten Song? Yeah. That's the first time you heard that? Yes, I did. Let me tell you something about the Kitten Song from Stephen Lynch. You know that we get more complaints after we play Kill a Kitten than we did after we played Kill a Fetus? Oh, yeah? I swear to you, we played Kill a Fetus yesterday by Billy and Paul from airsick.net. Yeah, I heard that. We didn't get that many complaint calls today, but when we played that Kill a Kitten song, oh my God, the animal rights activist out of the woodwork. Yeah, I don't know. I feel there's no use for cats on this earth. Oh, jeez. I just hate cats. All right, well, thank you, Kevin. All right. Bye. All right, take care. Let's go to Maria. Maria, you're next on N.E.W. How are you today? Doing good, doing good. Yeah. I really love that song, but I must say that the abortion song kind of beat this one. Well, yeah, we know that. It's between, at this point, the Kill a Fetus song and Baby Raper. And Baby Raper is the most offensive song. Yeah. But we're just going to feature all the offensive songs today on the show. Maria, can I give an FU to my brother Orin in the Bronx? It's his birthday today, and he just took the day off. All right. Well, you just did. Oh, great. Cool. All right. Hey, you guys are the best, man. I have actually stopped listening to Howard Stern completely. I mean, I'm listening to you guys every single day. You could listen to him in the morning. Yeah, we're not really listening to us in the afternoon. No, no. I mean, he's like... We're not competing with him. Oh, no, no, no. I'm not saying that you guys are. I mean, he's like old news, and you guys are definitely the new news. And you guys should definitely... You guys should definitely overrule Howard Stern no matter what, because you guys are the best. All right, Maria. Thank you very much. Take care. Now, because that phone call, we'll get a call from corporate. Yeah. Oh, whatever. Mike, what's going on? How are you guys doing? Good. We're talking to you, man. I got an FU to the entire program you guys are running. Why? I was at work today. Listen to this. Yeah. I work in hospitals. I'm in an OVAR, right? I'm in an operating room. And Baby Raper pops into my head, but I can't remember the tune. So I start singing, I'm a baby raper. The keggers. Oh, you did it to keggers? Yeah, I couldn't remember the tune. I'm a baby raper. We deliver keggers. Can you believe that, guys? I'm a baby raper. Kind of catchy, huh? Wow, very catchy. That's a little scary. Hey, what happened? Are you guys moving to mornings or not? Oh, we're not going to be doing that. Good, I hope not. We are staying right where we are. I like my schedule for now. I love it, too. My schedule rocks. All right, Mike, thank you. Thank you. All right, bye. Sleep, sleep, sleep. Wake up, do nothing, do show, stay up late. Sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep. Hey, Linda, what's going on? Hi, guys. Hi, what's up? Listen, I have an idea. Yeah. The contest? Yeah. I think the Barry Manilow song, I think that should be like the theme song for the whole contest. The most offensive song? Yeah. Yeah, I mean, that one was good and that was the first entry we played on the air, but the songs have gotten drastically better since then. Right, I agree. I think you should play the theme song and you'll play that whenever you're talking about the contest. Yeah, well, we're going to play the most offensive song one last time before we put it to rest. I don't think there's anything offensive about the killer kitten songs. Well, no, I mean, that's not even in the running. We just want to play all the... Yeah, don't get confused, people. We just want to play all the offensive songs. Right, but killing kittens should be what we should be doing. Oh, Linda, come on now. I once did, right in my driveway. All right, thank you, Linda. Bye, guys. He's a sick ass. Jimmy, you're next on N.E.W. What's going on? Oh, hey. How are you? What's up? What's up? What's going on? Listen, man, I'm so disappointed. Why? I had an abortion song all set up. I was three quarters of the way done with it and this guy comes out with Baby Raper. Well, Baby Raper... I can't believe it. Baby Raper is going to be tough to beat. You might want to, you know, work on another subject at this point. Yeah, listen to me. Listen, I just want your guys' opinion, all right? Yeah. Let me give you two lyrics of the song and you tell me if it's bad or not, if it's good or not. All right? And I can keep going with it, all right? Any curses in the song? No, no, no. Of course not. All right, let's hear it. Let's hear it. All right, listen, I'm not going to sing it. I'm just going to give you one verse of the song and you let me know if it's good or not. All right. All right, let's go. All right. All right. You rape them, we scrape them. No fetus can beat us. That old gag. Sounds like a commercial. Yeah? Yeah. Well, work on it and send it in. You never know. All right. All right, Jimmy, thank you. Take care. Bye. Let's go to Ken. Ken, you're next on NAW. ONA, you guys rock. I listen to you every day. Thank you, Ken. Just call it in to say that Baby Raper is definitely it, but I love to kill a kitten and I'm a cat lover, so go figure. Oh, yeah. You're not really doing it or you can enjoy a funny song. Oh, man. You know what? We're going to have to do, we're going to have a road show and we're going to bring all the finalists there and it's just going to be a great road show because we'll have these people performing their songs live on the stage in front of at least 1,400 people. Yeah. Awesome. You guys got to come back out to Long Island, but come to a bigger place than Motahee. Well, we were just on the island, so it could be a while. We're thinking, we were talking about this in the office before the show today. We're thinking Westchester. That could work. We're thinking the White Plains area, get some of our Connecticut listeners. We haven't been north yet, so if we can find a place that's going to be cool to us and our listeners, we just might make it up there. If any club owners up there are interested, you got to get a hold of Ben. Ben Sparks. All right? ONA, just one last question. Have you ever talked to a radio chick about the Mod Squad deal? Yeah. Yeah, she's been talking about that the last few days. Oh, no, they've been going with it. It's been pretty cool. Okay. All right, man. Cool, ONA. Long time listener, first time caller. You guys are awesome. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Let's go to Danny. Danny, you're next on N.E.W. ONA, what's up? How are you? You guys are the best. I've been listening to you since you guys got on the radio. Since you've been here in New York, you guys are the new afternoon. I started listening to the radio chick. Oh, cool. My new station, 1027. Wow, that's the first time we've heard that in about a year. I don't listen to that. Just to be open, Anthony, the only show I listen to on N.E.W. But now he's saying, you know, my station, N.E.W. I know. I listen to everything. I didn't listen in the morning because the mornings pretty much suck. Well, stay tuned. I tune in early in the afternoon to catch a radio chick, and she and Butchie had me laughing all day. Cool. And then right into you guys for the night. All right, cool. I got to start off with though, I got an F-U to my friend Steve. All right. He last night decided to call my girlfriend and call her a slut, which was rough. And he was just playing around with her, but she took it all personally. Well, yeah, they tend to do that. She got all bent out of shape, and I had to listen to her bitch at me for like a long time. All right. And then so I got that for him. And I got a question. What's the song that you guys played yesterday about the baby raper and that one and then the one from the other day for the Barry Manilow song? All right. We're going to do that, Danny. All right. Cool. Thanks a lot, guys. All right. Thank you. All right. Indication now. I was like pulling teeth, Danny. So close to Christopher Reeve falling on you. Yeah. I heard it coming, man. Yeah. Believe me. All right. Talk to you later. We're all Jones. And everyone wants to talk about Anthony's appearance on the new night show. Rock, what's up? What's going on? How are you? I heard you last night. I am. Yeah. You popped in and give them a little hand there. That was fun. Some support. Sure. Makes one of that fuzzy voice there. I think those guys are wandering the halls today. We should have them come in. Yeah, you should. Say hi to the afternoon audience. They're pretty good. And and it was pretty good on their show last night. Well, he could have been a little funnier, but he was mellow. I hate when you guys do that to us because there are times like we'll jump on another show and we're like guests on their show. I'm not going to start being my own character. Anthony, what am I supposed to do? It's hard. I was hoping you were going to break into the Ed Wynn voice. It's hard enough to be funny every day between two and seven. When we go on the other shows, we're just kind of hanging. You had a long day by the time we get on the other show. I was really intoxicated. Yeah, I figured you weren't headed home. How was the cocktail last night? It was 12 o'clock at night and I'm on the air. I'm usually drunk. All right, Rock. All right, guys. Thank you. Rock on, man. All right, bye. All right. How's the flight simulator game going? Oh, my God. I'm trying. You're crazy, man. I'm trying this. The James F.A. 18. You know, I've got it all booted up and I'm fumbling through the manual, which is like a dictionary. And then I'm trying to lock onto the ships. I finally figured it out. But it's a pain in the ass. So I swear to God, if I figure this out, I can fly one of these things. That's how technical it is. It's alphabet soup, all acronyms for everything. I'm like, what is that? What the hell is that? How do I acquire a target? Just the manual. Just the manual for this game is like... I don't know why you do it to yourself. You guys are trying to figure it out. I figured out how to launch the harpoons, harpoon missiles against the ships. All right, we're getting somewhere. So I launch them, and it was really cool. You know, blew the ship up. It was really like pretty cool. But I lock onto something. I don't know what I'm locked onto. Could be one of ours. I don't care. I just launch it. Anyway, I want to see something blow up. But, you know, in order to really play the game, you got to be able to figure that stuff out. You can't be knocking your own ships out of the water. So, I don't know. It's going to take a while to figure this one out. I'm kind of very confused on this one. Yeah. It's one of those games that are just like impossible to learn. The learning curve. You don't even know where to begin. Yeah. It just drove me nuts watching you guys trying to figure this out. And how much beer was consumed here last night after I left? Wow, last night. I got in early today, and it was like... I felt like I was back in the fraternity. I felt like I was back in the fraternity house. They're like, you know, just taking out the bottles from our office, bag after bag. Let me tell you something. We only had... There was some beer being consumed in that office last night. How many people we had here last night? Maybe six people in our office? There were so many beer bottles. Do we have any beer left? Yeah, we can have a case. Oh, cool. Is it being chilled as we speak? No, but thank you for reminding me. Yeah, let's take each of the bottles. Stinky, load up the fridge for later on. Chop chop. Stinky, load up the fridge. Chop chop, chop chop. I want them cleaned and bumped with a fine shimmy. I got in early today. I'm like, man, there was a party going on here after I left. Well, Psycho Mark drinking and telling his stories about his life and his childhood and growing up in Boston. I was rolling, just laughing my ass off. And then he's like, I got to get out of here. Ah, one more, one more. I got to get cocked before I leave. And we were just pounding him last night. Every two seconds, that fridge was opening and closing. He should just put a revolving door on that frigging refrigerator. I left just when it was getting interesting. And man, I was convinced old dirty was going to punch you in the face, Psycho Mark. Old dirty getting angry. I tell you, the language that flies when there's a few beers back there in that office and we're all sitting around joking. No one's safe. Unbelievable, the racist rhetoric you hear coming out of everyone's mouth. And it doesn't matter who's saying it. I was going to say, it doesn't matter what color you are. I mean, everyone got it. So, unbelievable. All I heard, I don't know who said it, but what was it? Just shut up and get me another beer, you big lipped bastard. That's all I heard. I'm like, oh my god. What, you're nuts? Well, then you shut your ass, you cracker. Kick your white ass. There's a race riot going on back there. Yeah. Well, it looked like you guys had a good time. Hey, bring the pool in here real fast before they put the water in it. Let's see this thing. We have Smelly Karen coming down at around 4.30 today. Smelly Karen. And she's going to get sponged down by some really, really hot girls. We're going to show her how it's done to keep clean. And look at this pool, Anthony. Yeah, that's a good pool. That's a nice size kiddie pool. Nice. That's got to be about a foot and a half deep, I guess. Foot and a half deep, and that's at least six to seven feet across, I would just say. Two feet deep, six or seven feet across. Yeah, that's a big one. Because we're going to have at least four or five girls in there. How are we filling this up? Yeah, how are we filling this up? I'm going to take a leak in it. I just blew it. I saw it. Someone else doesn't worry about the water. Did we get a tarp? Do we have any type of hose that could look up to a sink that people fill their water beds with or something? Do we have a bucket? Are we doing the bucket route? Does anyone think of this? If we're doing the bucket route, you guys better get to it. You better start now because we only have an hour before everyone arrives. Make it warm and stuff. Make it warm and really soapy. On the hot side of warm. Make it very hot because by the time 430 hits, it'll cool off. Exactly. All right. Wow. Lots of stuff today, Anthony. Let's play another one of the offensive songs, okay? Mm-hmm. This was the first entry that we played on the air, and it's a loser at this point. Yeah. Matter of fact, I think his name was Anthony. He even called and said, look, it's over. I know it. He conceded defeat. He conceded defeat to Killifetus. But it's pretty bad. Yeah. The singing is really great. The middle of the song, applause break. Yeah. It's like Barry Manilow used to have. All right. One more time before we bury this one. It's called the most offensive song on WNEW. I've done my share of cocaine You could just give it a try I brought from Korean school clerks Active churches, turned down playgrounds I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a It's FU Friday! Lots going on on the show today. Smelly Karen coming in at 4.30 for her sponge bath. My God, man. Hot, beautiful girls, naked, giving her a sponge bath. A nice, silky sponge bath, Anthony. You gotta call her Smelly Karen. She's gonna get very upset. Maybe not show up. Wait till she gets here. Well, everyone has a name on this show, you know? You can't just say Karen. Yeah, what does that mean? Smelly Karen. Our listeners know what Smelly Karen is. Smelly Karen. I did tell her if she was nice and clean after the sponge bath that we would drop the Smelly from her name. That's only fair, right? Yeah. So they're filling up the pool outside, but knowing our little radio staff, I'm sure something's gonna go drastically wrong and explode. Ben laying gallons of water all over the... Ben's looking out the studio door. What's going on so far, Ben? I see spas and stinky. So you guys don't really know stinky that well yet, but stinky is the clone of spas. We truly believe that at this point. He runs around like a lunatic just like his boss, Spas. And all I see through the studio door is them just frantically running around the place out there. Are they getting anything done, Ben? We've got the pool is ready to go. We now get the tarp under it. Now we just gotta fill it. Now, no one figured out how we're gonna fill this pool. I guess we're just gonna take the bucket and just fill it up from the J-More suite. I'll bring mouthfuls of water over and just spit it out. Now what's going on, Anthony? It's pretty funny. Like, spas and stinky, they're just kind of walking by the kiddie pool trying to figure it out. They're like, okay, pool, water. How do we do that? How do we get the water now in the pool? And they're walking by like they're real busy and they know exactly what's going on, but you can just tell that there's like just nothing happening in their brains as they try to figure this out. There's nothing funny in spas trying to get stinky direction. Okay, you gotta do this. You gotta do it. Okay, here, get spas and stinky in here real fast. Where? Stinky. Spas. Oh, God. They look like twins. I swear, look at them. They look like brothers. They even have the same goopy smile. All right, guys, have you figured out how to fill up the kiddie pool? Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. And water started going all over the bathroom. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What? We have a hose that goes from the faucet to the bucket. Yeah. And we turn the water on and it was going through the hose, but a lot of it was coming out of some pipe underneath the sink. Some pipe underneath the sink. So that's where we stand right now. We can't figure out how to get the water into the bucket. And then we're going to take the bucket and put the water into the kiddie pool, right? Right, spas? I'm thinking just put the go from the faucet, straight from the faucet to the bucket and then carry the bucket over to the pool. Wow, look at that. That's not a bad idea. A command decision being made. Are you making an executive decision on this spas? Yes, but the only problem is that- You have decided that we should just take the pail and fill it up directly from the faucet, right? Yes, but there's one problem. When you fill up the bucket totally and you try to get it from underneath the faucet again, half the bucket is filled. You dump half the water out. Yes. So to save time, just fill the bucket up halfway. Yes. Because then the time saved filling up the other half, just have it dumped down the drain, will be saved. Stanky, do you have any thoughts on this to make it go any ideas maybe? Maybe you could help out? Maybe you could upstage your boss spas here. I don't know, I think spas actually had a pretty good idea. Yeah? Yeah? Look at him kissing the boss's ass. Yeah. Oh, the boss. Give me a break. All right, so when do you think that the filling of the pool will commence? We're thinking soon. Soon. So your schedule says soon. Soon. Within a half an hour, I'm thinking. Do you realize this girl will be here and the pool has to be filled with warm water, hot water? Yes. How long do you think it's going to take once you start filling it? I'd say maybe about 20 minutes, but the water will cool down by the time she gets here, so we'll have to probably refill more hot water. Physics with spas. Now, evaporation is a cooling process in which... Ann, we got to tell our faithful listeners there's going to come a time when Ann and I have to step aside and allow the youngsters of radio to take over and here they are, spas and stinky. That's the only reason they work for our radio. It's a joke! They are hoping someday, Anthony, to follow in our footsteps. Okay, terrific! Alright, great. Alright, well this is, wow, this is quite a job for you two. There's no hose or anything that can just be taken from the sink. That's what we just tried. This is a radio station. They don't have hoses. Alright, well, why don't you guys go figure it out. There are one, two, three, four, five guys trying to figure out how to get the water into a kiddie pole. The bathroom is maybe ten feet away. They have to move water ten feet. Did you, have you ever seen the great pyramids over in Egypt? Oh yes, of course. Do you know that they pulled stones from God knows where and built pyramids without any technology whatsoever? Put a little perspective on things. Well, they didn't have retards built in them thousands of years ago. Now we're having a dilemma moving water ten feet into a kiddie pole. Yeah, and it's a serious dilemma. They're all running around trying to figure it out. It's serious. They're really having a problem figuring out how to fill a frigging kiddie pole up. Get Steve in here from the unofficial website. Steve, what the hell is going on out there? You have more of a brain than both those guys combined. It's like a meeting at the Corps of Engineers. Yeah, yeah, the Army Corps of Engineers trying to figure out how to build a bridge. They've got buckets, they've got waste baskets, they've got little pieces of plastic latex tubing that you use to hold a lot of electrical cords together, and there's water everywhere. It's great. The place is going to be soaked. Yeah. Wonderful. We just want to get the water in the thing. How are you going to get it out? That's another thing, and we don't have a low area for a siphon. Right. You're going to have a couple hundred gallons of water in this thing. They're going to have to bucket it back into the bathroom. That's right. If Stinky gets a little on him, that won't hurt either. Too funny. Just a simple little thing we wanted to do for the show, and I don't know if it's going to happen. All right, Tony, you're next on W-A-D-W. Tony? Yeah, how you guys doing, O-N-A? Good, what's up? I got a big F-U for spazzing Stinky, because if I don't get to hear this today, I'm going to be really pissed off. No, we'll pull it out of our butt somehow. It's not looking good right now, but Rick feels confident. I hope so. I really got to hear her. I want to come down and watch her. Well, no, we're going to get some video on the unofficial site. There you go. All right, indication now. Thank you, Tony. Rick, everything under control out there? Under control. Holy smoke. I've taken the two retards. Retards, for lack of a better term. It's special ed class out there today. Amazing. I've taken them upstairs. I showed them a big dump sink that they can use that has hot water. Wait, upstairs? Upstairs. Hold it. Now they're going to have to bring water from upstairs down the stairs. That's why we have Steve here with video. Into the pool. Through a couple locked doors. Instead of transfer the 10 feet from the bathroom we have right next to the kiddie pool. Oh, boy, I just see disaster. I see someone just falling down the stairs and water going everywhere. I just saw them. They carry big buckets of water in there. This is how they used to put fires out in the 1800s. Yeah, it is. They have like a bucket chain. One guy is upstairs and they're just passing the buckets down the hallway. If this building ever goes up in flames. What? All right, let's go to Mike. Mike, you're next on WIOW. Tony, what's going on? How are you, Mike? Dude, this can't be real. Put one of those idiots on the phone. Seriously, this is really pissing me off. It's real. They can't figure it out. Now they're getting water from upstairs and bringing it downstairs to fill up the pool. Can they hear me? I mean, are they in the room? Can they hear me? No. This is ridiculous. You need to freaking hire me. Talk to your moron. Get them on the phone. I want to talk to them. If you call back after break, we'll get them in the studio for you, Mike. Fine. I'll call you back. Bye. Cool. Thank you. Bye. Everyone's very pissed off. Well, they're a couple of idiots. They are the future of radio, though, Anthony. Someday we're going to have to step aside and someone like Spaz and Stink are going to have to take our place. Oh, stop. No way. Well, we can't do this forever. All right, let's go to James. James, you're next on N.E.W. Yeah, how you guys doing? We're doing well. Yeah, first time caller. First time Spaz ever let me get through. Well, because he's too busy trying to fill up the kiddie pool. People just pissed off on the instant feedback. I can't fill up the kiddie pool. There are people out there that would kill for Spaz and Stink's job. I would. I'm listening. I wonder if you guys can do me a favor. Sure. I haven't heard the Four Blown Aids song yet. Oh, really? Yeah. The song that started the most offensive song contest. Right. Because I mean, I don't know. I listen to the show two to seven every day, but I just miss that. All right, let's play that for you. All right. All right. Can you leave me on hold for it? Because I'm not in the car right now. Yeah, hold on. All right, great. I think we can do that, right, Ed? Sure. You want to explain the Four Blown Aids song? Just in case people weren't listening when all that went down? Well, we had Stephen Lynch in and Jay Moore. Mike DeNicola. Mike DeNicola, who's a good guy. And I don't know how it started. Mike and Jay Moore started penning a tune called Full Blown Aids. I think they were pissed off that Stephen didn't have any new songs. And he goes, well, I'm writing them. And Jay Moore was like, well, how hard could it be? I'll write one, Full Blown Aids. So him and Mike wrote Full Blown Aids. And Stephen, after a little bit of prodding, like a half hour of saying, sing the goddamn song, performed it. So we have a version of Stephen doing the composition by Mike and Jay Moore. Full Blown Aids. And Stephen Lynch did not write this. He's very paranoid about that. Make no mistake, this is the only version out there. There is no other version coming along. There might be a bootleg somewhere. Yeah, so. And this is the song that started it all as far as the most defensive song contest, all right? All right. So let's play it now, Anthony. Yes. We like to refer to it as FBA. Yeah. All right. This is called, what is this called again? Authors of the song? Jay. Jay, what's this called? It's called Full Blown Aids. Oh, my God. All right, that was a shame to yourself. I can't believe you would play a song like that. That's probably the most offensive thing I've ever heard in my life. Jay and Mike just reading what they wrote in front of me. Yeah, and everybody knows who wrote Living La Vida Loca. Hey, this is Jim Brewer, and I've been up since like, oh, I don't know, yesterday. And the only thing that gets me going, Hammer, is don't be an Anthony. I'm talking 1027, N-E-W, Hammer. I'm going to pee. I can't even believe these lines. He's a disgusting little man. I'm done with you. Brought a douchebag. Train wreck radio. Stand over. This is sicker than Faces of Death. All right, it's FU Friday. 2127571027. I'm so excited that we get it here. Yeah. Anthony's back in the studio. He had to go check out the filling of the kiddie pool. Here, and I'm roaring out there. If there's anything you could add. Of course, real fast, we've got Smelly Karen coming down for a sponge bath, a soapy sponge bath. We're going to show her how to clean herself with some hot babes. Want to sponge her down. There may be some lesbian for a date stuff happening today. We need this kiddie pool filled up. We have spaz and stinky. They're just walking around clueless. All I can say is it looked like, remember maybe the last season of Little House on the Prairie when the blind school burnt down and the blind kids were trying to throw the buckets of water on the school? Oh my God. I swear to God, that's what it looks like. What a reference. Spaz and stinky trying to fill up this. So wrong. They're tripping over this. Two of the most gangliest guys I've ever seen. Big, tall, with the clumsy. It's amazing. I'm amazed any water's getting in the pool. Instead of the blind school, it's more like the retard school is burning down. They're trying to put it out. Uh oh. Hey stinky. I got this one. Oh, it's all over you. I hit you with the water. Oh no. We could do an hour of radio on this, I'm telling you. Stinky and spaz filling a kiddie pool. You getting footage of that Steve? Because it's just, it's pathetic. Well because they're using a dump sink on the ninth floor I guess. And I taped the journey from the sink all the way to the second floor. You taped the journey from the sink all the way down. The kiddie pool journey. There are like four doors I think. Do we have any bubble bath or anything Rick that we could add to the pool yet? Yeah actually we got a whole box of stuff yesterday from Nancy and Lee who work for the company that makes Lever 2000. They sent us underarm deodorant, baby bath, toothbrushes. Didn't she say she used Lever? Yeah. So she likes the Lever. Well maybe she doesn't use it well enough. They sent us tons of stuff to make sure this girl does not stink when she leaves. Look at that, now they're, look at spaz struggling with that bucket. It's just getting kind of heavy. Well the bucket's huge, that's a lot of water. Here Steve go get spaz real fast before he runs up to get another bucket of water. You know what I found? The bucket's a lot heavier, bring it down and it is off. Spaz you're sweating like a pig. How you doing man? You alright? Still having a quarter full yet. Hey how about a microphone man? Yeah grab a microphone. You did a little college radio on your day. Yes. A little bit. Go ahead. For years. Doesn't sound like it. It's not even a quarter full yet. At the soon to be NCAA champs, Iona Collins. That's my prediction. You guys are on drugs. So spaz how many more trips do you think? Many many more. It's not even a quarter full and I've made at least six to eight trips. Both me and Stinky together, so that's about 16 trips and not even a quarter full. 16 trips? How many gallons do you think that holds the bucket? Stinky. Is that a two gallon bucket? I don't know. Stinky get on my show. How you doing Stinky? A little rough with the garbage can. Spaz has got a handle and everything. Ah you have to just kind of... Spaz is the boss so he gets the nice bucket with the handle. And he has to use like the waste paper basket. He's got to hug it like a baby as he's bringing it down the stairs and sloshing all over the place. That's great. And it's nice and warm. It's almost hot. Yes. For the girl good because we don't want her getting too cold. But the water is going to be cold by the time we're done. Well that's okay. We understand that. And what's the scientific principle behind that Spaz? It's because warm water cools faster than cool water. What? Well you see Genesee, warm water cools faster than cold water. It does. And whoopee! Okay terrific. See what I'm saying basically is like 80 degree water is going to cool faster than 50 degree water. But what if 50 degree water is cold? Doesn't it depend on ambient temperature? And isn't 50 degree water already cool? Yeah but what I'm saying is relative to room temperature. Let's say we want the two waters to reach 32 degrees Celsius. Then if one starts at 80 and the other one starts at 50, the 80 is going to reach 32 before the 50. Oh really? Yes. Where did you learn that? I learned that in science class. You did? And what is that? Some kind of temperature momentum that builds up? But Spaz, aren't the odds good though if the water in the kiddie pool is 90 degrees? That by the time smelly Karen shows up that you can almost guarantee that it's going to be over 50 degrees still? Yeah give or take a few. Alright. So why would you fill up the kiddie pool with 50 degree water knowing that it cools slower at that temperature? Well it's going to probably only go down probably a few degrees by the time Karen is done with her bath. If you put in 50 but if you put in 80 it's going to do a rapid cool down while she's in there. Rapid cool down due to my calculations. Which couldn't cause a cold. See the electrons around the hydrogen molecule in the water. Oh my lord. That is amazing. Alright and have any of the girls arrive that are going to sponge down Karen? They're on their way. They're on their way. Okay. Hydrogen with an atomic number of one. Hold on to your. Is the first in the periodic table of elements. If you take the hydrogen molecule with the oxygen it makes water. As we like to call it H2O. H2O. It's water boy. Gungan in. Good boy. By the way Staz was in charge of getting the girls for today's festivities. This is just going to be a mess. They're on their way. They're on their way. They're very hot. They're very hot. Yes. And they're willing to sponge down to smell the girl right? As hot as the water. They're hot and they tend to cool down in room temperature. Do you guys know how to put bubble bath in the water? Yes, just read the directions. I feel like we need to be careful. More than a capful. More than a capful. Whatever direction you say. And then you've got to slosh it around. Why don't we have Spaz read the directions on the bubble bath? Yeah, get the bubble bath. Get the bubble bath. This is great. You know I went to this school, Fifth Avenue Elementary School in Northport. For some reason they had the retarded kids in with us. It was so, so hot. So you know that feeling. Yeah, one of the programs where they call it mainstreaming I think. And I'm reliving it right now. There was a big kid with water on the brain and his head was twice as big as anyone else's. And it used to almost fall. Like he'd try to hold it up in a... It would swish around. I'm getting that same feeling. Like we're in special class with the retarded children. What temperature water? Spaz, read the directions on the back of the bubble bath. Spaz, read the directions on the back of the bubble bath. It says pour it into running water to create a rich, luxurious foaming cream bath for adult use homes. So we should run down the stairs with the water? So that's running water. My thinking is that while I pour the water, stink, you'll just pour a couple keffles. Teamwork. Look at that, working together. Wow. This is amazing. Boss and student. Yes. The master and his student. I am the master. You are the student. They are sharing a brain. And it still doesn't make one. Cool. Appreciate that. All right. Well, good luck, Spaz. Surprised about connected at the head. Oh, we ought to do that, conjoined Spazes. One day just duct tape them together, make them work. Conjoined Spazes. Let's do conjoined Spazes. Come on, it's fun. We'll duct tape them together for a whole day. Conjoined Spazes. We just need a big shirt and we're there. That'll be hilarious. They'll have to like, and then you tape their inner legs together. Yeah, they've got to work as one. So the one guy has to use the right leg and the other guy has to use the left leg. We're conjoined Spazes. I want to pursue a career as a country singer and he wants to be an architect. Work it on your calendars. Monday show. Monday show, conjoined Spazes. A science teacher wants to tell everyone that Spaz doesn't know what he's talking about. Brian, what's going on? Yeah, how are you doing? Is Spaz a graduate of high school? We believe so, yes. You're going to call him on that temperature with the freezing, right? That is absolutely wrong. I know it is. We know it's wrong, too. He's a moron. That's some kind of rumored science urban legend that people say warm water freezes before cooler water does. If you put in 80 degree water and 40 degree water in the freezer, the 80 degree water freezes first. It doesn't happen like that. Right. It all cools down at the same degree. I know. He thinks some kind of a temperature momentum builds up as it goes. It's going to pass it. He's just retarded. Here comes 80. Pass it. Whoa, look at that. All right, guys. Thank you, Brian. Love yourself. Thank you. He doesn't understand things about constants in the universe. There are certain things that are constant. Like the speed of light is a constant and spas being a complete friggin' idiot is a constant. All right, listen. A lot of people call it up just to call spas a moron. We already know that, so please hang up so we can get on to other things. Massimo. He's going to put 50 degree water in here, he said. Yeah, yeah. He said it would cool. Yeah. So it wouldn't cool. It's only going to go to room temperature no matter what temperature. I know. We all know. I see the 50 won't cool as fast as 80. It'll still be cool, you hear? By the end of the day, it's all going to be 70 degrees. In my world, it gets warmer. All the people calling to say spas are a retard or a moron or that you're embarrassed because you're an Iona grad too, please hang up. We're going to get on to other things here. All right? And we've got to take a break, but for the whole show, we're featuring all the most offensive songs that we have received. Contest, really heating up now, the most offensive song ever written contest. Yesterday, I mean, my God, the baby raper song just ran away with it. I didn't think it was going to take the lead over Killifetus. I think because it's catchier. It's a catchy tune that you find yourself humming. Humming. Yeah. Well, humming at the playgrounds. Well, I mean, we're going to do the contest for another couple of weeks, and then we're going to get the best entries and we're going to do a road show and you guys are going to get to perform them live in front of our sick listeners. And then the listeners are going to finally decide which was the most offensive song. It's going to look like Showtime at the Apollo. A couple of people get up there and really hate it and pull them off of the hook. Yeah, well, that'll be all right. Yeah. This was the second song sent in by the baby raper guy. Jeff, I believe, aka Fuel, right? Right. This was his first entry that wasn't as good obviously as Baby Raper. But I got to tell you, this one is very offensive. And it grows on you after a while. This is called, How Much Is That Darkie in the Window? One, two, three, four. How much is that darkie in the window? They say that darkie is for sale. How much is that darkie in the window? Don't make me pay extra for the mail. I must take a trip to California. And I need someone to home alone. If I die that darkie on a long train, He can get the job done while I'm gone. How much is that darkie in the window? The one with the long dangly arms. How much is that darkie in the window? I've got things need pickin' on my farm. I have a wife, what needs a beatin'. But I can't afford to go to jail. If I make my darkie do it for me, I can give what's comin' to that well. How much is that darkie in the window? My team could use a G.H. They say that darkie don't get cocaine. I can't afford to rehab his whole race. How much is that darkie in the window? They say that darkie is for sale. How much is that darkie in the window? Don't make me pay extra, cause he's now. It's FU Friday with O&A. Finishing the week of radio off in style, Anthony, huh? It's FU Friday and we're not getting many good FUs. If someone did you wrong this week, we could tell 2 million people for you. All you have to do is fax the info at 212-957-9639. We're gonna have a nice, nice race for a bit of the week. Lots and lots of things to choose from this week, that's for sure. The dice getting a lot of votes. Oh yeah, yeah, I did have the dice on, didn't I? The Ass Exam by Ed Wynn is getting a lot of votes. And of course the most offensive songs that came in. But that's a given, we're gonna play both Killifetus and Baby Raper later on today on the show. And I guess Smelly Karen has a ride for her sponge bath. How does she smell? Yeah, we told her not to shower. I don't want to smell her, man. Jim, what's going on? What's up, man? That darkie song, man, is putting me to sleep. Yeah, you didn't like that one? I think the kitten's more offensive, but... Yeah, well, that one's not in the running anymore. I mean, even Jeff, the guy who wrote it, said, yeah, I know. That one wasn't as good as the other one he came up with. Yeah, that's cool, man. Not every song the Stones writes is a huge hit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, exactly, man. You guys are great, man. You gotta hear the other song the guy came up with, if you haven't heard it yet. I missed it yesterday. I was going nuts trying to hear it, and I missed it yesterday. You want to hear something very, very offensive. You keep listening to this radio show today. I will, as I do every single day. All right, Jim, thank you. All right, guys. All right, let's go to James. James, you're next on N.E.W. What's up? Yeah, hi, guys. Hi. Yeah, a couple of things. I wanted to say Baby Rape was definitely the most offensive song. That thing was, oh, my God, my friend. He told me about the Kill a Feeder song. Yeah. And he called me up, and he's like, I missed it at first, so I taped it. Then I go back, and Baby Rape comes on. He missed that. I played it after him today. He started crying, guys. That was hilarious. Well, we've decided that we're going to get all the finalists, and they're going to perform their songs live at the next road show. You guys should do a poll on the unofficial website to see who wins. Well, no, I think we want to do it in front of everybody, you know, at a road show. It would be cool to see these guys perform live and stuff, you know? Yeah. All right, one other thing, though. My friend, right, he has a wow sign in school, a load of us do. He just got called down to Dean yesterday. Oh, really? Yeah, he got in a load of trouble. They didn't even know what it meant. Uh-oh. One teacher found out what it meant, she tells the dean, and he gets in a load of trouble for it. Man. It really sucked. In a few weeks, everyone's going to know what wow is again. All right, James, thank you. Bye. Bye. Everyone's pissed off on the instant feedback that the spaz cam is upside down. Is it really? Yeah, it's broadcasting upside down. We were trying to get a shot of the pool outside the studio door, but the cord on the spaz cam isn't long enough, I don't think. How are we going to get out there? How much more room I got in this? Not much, huh? Yeah. I don't know, we're just trying to... the listeners want to see what the pool looks like and stuff. What we're going to have to do is move the, maybe move the computer. And it might give us a few more feet? Over there, and then we could put the camera outside. You want to ask spaz and stinky? Oh, yeah. Tell them we have a dilemma in the studio? I mean, we should, definitely. We're going to move it a little bit? This is something that should be available for people to see. Yeah, definitely. You've got to see the kiddie pool. Paul, what's going on? It's FU Friday, man. Hey, what's going on? It's big FU to myself. Why to yourself? Well, I promised I would never do this, but my ex-wife, I see her once a week to see the kids, and we got a little romantic, and I wound up banging her. Jesus Christ. You banged your ex-wife? This is the deal. About eight months ago, she leaves me because I'm not making enough money anymore because I left Wall Street, right? Yeah. My big, hairy next-door neighbor. So when things didn't work out with those two, right, I, you know, still see my kids on the weekends. And yesterday was weird. She goes, I broke up with this guy, blah, blah, blah. And she did what she always does. And what all women do. She came on to me, and one thing led to another. A big boner came out, and I banged her, and I felt disgusted. I mean, I felt relieved, but I actually gave her money, so she's a prostitute, and I guess I'm a pimp. You're a John. You're a John, yeah. Yeah, I'm a John. Well, anyway, FU to myself, you guys rule the friggin' world. So is she calling you today? Well, I have to actually go see her again, but I brought my brother with me, like, protection. And how much child support are you paying her? I don't know. Is this a question you need to know for, like, part of your, well, I don't want to get advanced in this. It's like 400, and then 400 for the kid. It's not that much. I can afford it. But she left me because I was a high-priced Wall Street broker, but when I said after 11 years I'm burnt out, 40 pounds overweight, and going to AA meetings. I said, let me take a jack for 45 grand and see if my nice, sweet wife will agree to it all. She was like, yeah, for eight months. And then when we downsized, and no more actor, no more explorer, we got to drive an 86-kilometer car. And she banged the next door neighbor, a big hairy guy. You know he was hung, so I felt ridiculous. How much were you making before you downsized yourself? I would say more than the president. That was my claim to fame. Oh, wow. Like a couple hundred grand? I hang out with my brother. The two of us are center and alcoholic gamblers. When the weekend comes, we're very, very good to the kids. We don't drink around them. And we take them ice skating, and we took them to the planetarium. I'm a good dad. Yesterday I broke down and the guy's rude. No, that's all right. You're cursed there. That's all right. But you feel crappy today because you did your ex-wife. Was the sex good last night? I was finished in about three seconds. I made her do like an inner bathroom. You got one of those red lights. So it was like, you know, it was like a little, you know, porno action. And I couldn't have been in there for more than three seconds. I said, come on, come on. All right, all right, all right. Move your cheeks around. Diggle them. And that was all I needed. But hey, after eight months, it worked for me. So you haven't been sleeping with any other girl since you broke up with your wife, I'm assuming, huh? I guess. Now, you're not going to believe this, but it's absolutely true. The second week after she, um, like a week after she, uh... Turn down your radio, Dave. You're getting distracted. Go ahead. Continue your story. The second week after, and this is ridiculous, the second week after I found out that she, uh, you know, was screwing the next one neighbor, I sought out his wife and met her. Fine date. The most horrible, ugliest thing. But I did it anyway. I got revenge, man. It was disgusting. What a mess. You know what? But I'm happy now. You know why? Because I got you guys to at least get me through the day. There you go. As long as you have us. Well, Paul has a big F-U to himself for banging his ex-wife. Right. Love to my brother Johnny Balkans out there. Thanks, guys. You rule the world. All right. Thank you, Paul. Love you. There he goes. See you, pal. Bye. Burnt out Wall Street guy. Speaking of Wall Street, how did we do today, Anthony? Uh, oh my God, you know something? We must be having a busy show. You haven't checked once. Yeah, really? No, I-I-I dumped out of a couple of things today, Opie. Yeah? That's why. I haven't really been-haven't had to pay attention to the, uh, constant ups and downs of some of these stocks. Let's see. Oh, Dow is down to 81, just about 82. And the Nasdaq, uh, yeah, pretty much unchanged. What, up two? Yeah. All right. Nasdaq had a pretty good week, huh? Yeah. Yes. Record territory, as they say. All right. Well, um, we should get an update, see what's going on out there. Rick! What? We need an update. What's going on out there with the kiddie pole? We're about two buckets away. There goes the fast cam. Oh, wow! Fast cam! The fast cam just fell off the, uh, ceiling. Holy cow! Did it break? No, it's cool. I'm going to look and see what shot that came out of that one. But, uh, we're about two buckets away. The, uh, the retards are bringing out the last two buckets. Karen loves the, uh, the pool. Yeah, you like it? Here comes Smelly Karen. But she's not as ranked as I think we wanted her to be, so I'm thinking of sending her out for a couple laps around the block. Wait, take your-take your microphone. Okay. I don't know. Yeah, you gotta-she's gotta get sweaty. Yeah. You're not stinky or nothing? So people could appreciate the stench. Oh, she would know. She has no sense of smell, remember? She has no sense of smell. Who's gonna-get stinky in here. He knows stink. He does? Well, actually, he doesn't know stink. Get-get spaz in here. They're both upstairs. They're both upstairs. Oh, they're both upstairs? Well, when the next bucket comes down, spaz in here. Here comes stink. Stinky! Direct underarm pit whiff. Get stinky in here. Stink! Yeah, stink. Karen, lift up your arm. Stink. This is-this is the-you know, some of the stuff you have to do for the show. Now, smell her underarm. Get closer. It's not really that bad. It's not bad, huh? It's not bad as the last option she was getting. Say thank you. Grab the-grab the mic. Because I got a lot of crap because I was the only one that spoke up because she smelled so bad. Here we go. How bad did she smell last time she was here, stinky? You were here. All right, I don't want to offend you or anything. No, go ahead. It's a little bit too late for that. You sat on my lap with your arm around my shoulder, and I went home, and I smelled my shoulder, and it smelled really bad. And I thought it was me, so I checked the other shoulder and didn't smell at all. So... So you're saying her stench was on your clothes. Yeah. You were humming last time you came in here. Karen, let me tell you something. This is coming from stinky. There's only one reason why we call him stinky. The first time he came to this damn station, he reeked. Oh, God. Yeah. Don't feel bad. All right. See, that's why we have you in here today to get scrubbed down. But now it- You're gonna say something to me. It seems that-well, Opie finally dead. I don't want to offend you or anything. Opie finally offended you. Everyone-everyone-everyone was smelling you, and I was the only one that spoke up. Everyone knew. Behind your back while you were naked and stuff, they're like, oh, my God. Hi, God. Is Spaz out there? Spaz, come here. Are we getting confirmation now? Spaz, you gotta smell Karen's left arm. Stinky? No, the other arm. Check the- Yeah. Come here. Spaz is sweating. He's been working really hard today. All right, Spaz? Wow. Are you serious? All right, get on, Mike. Oh, God, I'm getting that feeling again. What's the matter, Spaz? Stinky said she wasn't that bad. Well, he's thinking he didn't smell that armpit. Wow, maybe it's just a one-arm armpit. What? Go ahead, Stinky, smell that armpit. Smell that armpit. Yeah, it's a little more- More than the last one. A little more raw. That's totally ridiculous. Can we have a run up to the-up and down the stairs? My body is totally screwed up. Yeah, we should send her on a few laps around the block. Oh, great. Nick, we- I walked from Penn Station. Can someone get a cell phone and have Karen walk around the block a couple times? We'll check in with you guys. Come on. Hi, dude, I walked from Penn Station to the- We need you to smell a little worse than you are now. Maybe she doesn't have to walk or anything. Maybe we can have her exercise in here or something. It would be funny if she just-if she walks around the block a few times. What do you think? We should do it. All right, and go out with the cell phone? Yeah. And then they can stop at certain points and take a whiff. Do we have any sweatshirts we can have her put on to really- Oh, yeah. I have a vinyl. You have vinyl? Flannel. Oh, flannel. Yeah, wrap her up in Saran wrap. That would reek. Who's going to hit the street with her, Psycho Mark or Rick? I'm busy. Rick? I'm busy. All right. All right, we'll check in with Rick and Smelly Karen as they do a couple laps around the block before her spongebath, Anthony, okay? Right. What's up, Psycho Mark? We've got a lot of water out there. If that- Shhh. Yeah, we want to talk about what will happen if anything happens. We know. The building is going to get pissed at us again. Spill made a little accent, spilled some already on the floor. A little out of the bucket. All right, Rick, get outside. Right after commercials, we're going to check in with you, okay? And then we're going to get her in the kiddie pool in like 20 minutes. Did the ladies arrive? Not yet. Not yet. Oh, good. They're on their way. All right. You guys got to take a break. All right. You guys could vote for a bit of the week still. Also featuring all the offensive songs that we have for the Opie and Anthony show. All day long today we're doing that, right, Ant? Yeah. Still to come, Killifetus and the Baby Raper song that everyone's talking about today. People liking Smelly Karen. Yo, guys, Smelly Karen is cute. Seems to be nicely put together from Steven Stanton Island. Yeah, we just think she'd be hotter if she didn't smell. That's all. That's why the sponge bath today. Yeah. We're trying to do a service here. She's kind of cute. Is she single? It's an Opie and Anthony charity show today. They're liking her though? Yeah. All right. Yeah, so on the way, Killifetus and the Baby Raper song, but another offensive song from Steven Lynch, Anthony. Yes. As we feature all the offensive songs on the show today. Opie. Opie. I have water retention. Opie's on the rack. I'm feeling a little bloated today. Opie, you are such a woman. Oh, come on. Opie, what color panties are you wearing? Hold me a fag. Whatever. You wearing a bra? Yeah. That's pretty gay, man. Opie, you are such a woman. Why am I such a fad? Why am I such a fad? I have water retention. I'm feeling a little bloated today. You wearing a bra? Yeah. That's pretty gay, man. Yeah, I want to give Al Roker the rusty tuba. Whatever you say on this ends up on some wacky bra. Got me. 1027WX. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. And it's FU Friday. Still taking your votes for a bit of the week. The dice bid is in the lead slightly as we speak. Make sure you get your vote in before we play that. We'll probably do that after Smelly Karen gets her sponge back. Glenn, on the incident feedback from Queens, who do you think smells worse, Smelly Karen or McCain when he was in the gook cage for six years? Oh, that's not right. That's not right, but that's coming in on the incident feedback, Anthony. Speaking of Smelly Karen, she showed up. We told her not to shower today. She showered this morning. She's smelling, but not as bad as we would like her to smell. Yeah, we figured she better work up a sweat, work up a stank. So Rick's outside the studio making her walk around the block to get her humming. We want a real stink. I want her to get in that pool and see an oil slick. We are messed up. Rick, what's going on? Rick? Did we lose Rick? Hold on, let me try that again. There we go. Hey, Rick. Guy. What's up, buddy? Wow, we got her working. Yeah? Yeah, I got Steve out here with me. We first had her do some steps Rocky style entering the building. Then I had to do some pushups and jumping jacks to get a stink going. And now I've got her running back and forth in the Red Eye Grill. Come on, Smelly Karen. Come on, you've got to want it. Come on, Smelly. I got your water right here. I think she's going to puke. Is she starting to sweat? Well, we put actually like two more sweatshirts and a t-shirt on her and she's dying. Smelly Karen, how are you feeling, Smelly? I'm done. She's done? I'm done. Rick, you've got to get it. Is she sweating, Rick? That's the key to this. I think so. Can you lift the shirt up real quick? Steve, get the camera here. I want to see if there's some sweat dripping down these pits. Rick, I think you've got to take one for the team and go in for a little whiff. Yeah, I'm going to have to. Just a little one. Little whiff. Oh, Jesus. She's getting ripe. She's pretty bad. She's not quite there yet, though. All right. You've got to do some more. Do some jumping jacks. Do some jumping jacks, Smelly. So she's doing jumping jacks where? Right in front of the Red Eye Grill? Right on the corner of 56th and 7th in front of the Red Eye Grill, yeah. Okay. She looks like she's going to puke. Really? Is her face getting all red and stuff? Actually, she's turning white. So I just bought her a water because I don't want her to die on us before we play either. All right. I think we're looking for a few more girls as well to come on down to sponge down Karen. Yeah. I guess as many girls as want to come down, if there's any cleaner, the better. If there's any civilians that want to give Karen a sponge bath. I mean, it's looking great out there. The kiddie pool, the suds are in there. It smells nice out there. It smells very nice. Go ahead. We have a very nice... Go! We have a nice display outside the studio door, Anthony. Jesus, man. Rick is a psychotic mother-effer. I think he really has some problems and some issues. He enjoys abusing girls, I believe. I totally do. No, you know who this guy is? I think we're just all dicks. Don't lump us into that one. I got my own problems. Stop. All right. Well, Rick, we'll check in with you in a little bit. What? It's nine floors up to the studio. I think we're going to have to run the stairs too. Yeah. Uh-oh. I think she's going down. Uh-oh. Is she all right? Come on. She's coughing. Are you going to pee? All right, dude, stop. Yeah, don't kill the girls. Rick is an animal, man. Just relax, man. It's all over. She's good. Get her back up here, all right? She's good. If there's any ladies in the area that want to sponge down Karen, we have, I think, one that have showed up so far, I think. So we need a few more. If you're in the area, take one for the team. Come down here. Get in the kiddie pool with Smelly Karen, OK? What the hell is that? That was one of the whistlers walking by screaming, feel the burn. Feel the burn. All right. We're on our way up, guys. All right. Hang on. Ben wants to talk to you a little bit. All right. This phone won't hang up. Ah, there we go. OK. I sent it earlier to Europe. Yeah, go ahead. To the management over here. Why? Why? They're good. Three and a half goddamn weeks to fix your goddamn speaker over there. What speaker? You remember that thing, yes? Microphone. Oh, he's talking about the telephones. Three and a half weeks. Oh, I know. I just got a bang on it. Boom, boom, boom, boom. I know. They'll figure out the phones eventually. Yeah. Ben, any of the girls show up yet? Nobody here yet. Spaz was in charge of getting the girls. Oh, boy. Spaz was in charge of getting the girls today. Come on. I swear to you. Come on. If this doesn't happen today, there's going to be hell to pay with Spaz. Hell to pay. You know, he's taking a pretty big chance taking that responsibility. I had it for a year and a half. He took it all without. All right. Call a privilege. We need some girls. I just said. What? I just said, call Laszlo. Really? Call Mike from Misbehaving. See if he's got anybody. Should we send out the bat signal to privilege, Anthony? Go find out what's going on because one of the guys is here that was supposed to bring the girls. Let's see where we stand. We have to have girls that don't mind having their faces on the web. Yeah, that's true, too. That's what it is. We had a problem with the strippers last time. They didn't want to be on the website. Yeah. Why? Why did we leave Spaz to this? He's like the guy he's with that's supposed to get the girls. Like, well, one of them's working till seven and now the other one's sick. Oh my God. What up? Are you kidding? Laszlo is cool. Oh God. I knew this was going to happen. It was pretty funny though. What? He wants to explain the bones. I'm not talking about the bones now. It's all right. There's like soda or something in this, Pete. I don't think it's Pete's fault. Oh my God. I'm going to talk about the girls. I don't want to talk about the phones. Spaz, where are the girls? You suck. This whole thing was a rage. We had two girls set up as a last night. One girl got sick because one girl got sick. The other one says, well, I'm not coming along. So now we're scrambling for backups. Scrambling for backups. Come on. The one that Rick set up isn't here either. Anthony, what can you do for us? I'll get on the phone. I'll be back in 10 minutes. Come on. If they get sick, it's not my fault. Welcome to the world of producing a radio show. It happens all the time. People back up. All right. We'll make this happen. Damn, what's going on? I was just, I worked at the morning building next door. And looking downstairs, he's kicking it in the butt and making it run back and forth. You've got to get a heavier coat on. Oh, really? You can see Rick working, Karen? Oh, definitely. He's touching the 888 sign. Fire spas, indication now. All right. Thank you. All right. Bye. All right. This is good. Let's go to Jamie. Jamie, what's up? Yo. Hey, what's up? Hey, you remember a bit long, long time ago about that damn Boy George song? Yeah, Karma Chameleon. Well, I still got that freaking thing stuck in my head. I just want to send an FU out to you for that. Well, a lot of people humming Baby Raper today. The same way a lot of people were humming the Karma Chameleon. Yeah, I can't get it out of my head. All right. Well, have a good weekend, Jamie. Peace out, Dream Weaver. Peace out, Dream Weaver. All right. Rick, Spaz has wrecked the bit. Yeah, I know. Rick, back in the studio with Smelly Karen Anthony. Hey. Ben? You know what's funny about this? Remember how excited he got in the meeting, like that he was like going to set something up? Spaz thought he was ready to deliver. Spaz thought he was ready to step up. Well, we're having a problem getting girls once again. I can't understand why. Oh, my God. So we need we need ladies to show up immediately. It just never fails. To our radio station. It just never fails. We'll figure it. We'll pull this out of our butt once again. Spaz is down the hall freaking out. I just want to know why Spaz was left in charge. Well, we were kind of throwing him a bone. Yeah, we were hoping. Two girls like on Tuesday or whatever it was. We were hoping that he was ready for this, but obviously he's not ready yet. He blew it. It could mean a lot. He blew it. I can't understand. No, no, no. You've got to keep that on. He's got to shed. He's sweating like a pig. Exactly. Let her shed and then let us think he smelled to see, you know, where where we stand with her. Now, everyone's scrambling trying to figure out what to do now. Well, I'm going to go make a phone call. I'll be back. All right. Leave it to Spaz. That's great. That's good. Wonderful. Hey, John, you're next on any W. Hey, guys. Real good. What's up? Listen, I just want to thank you. You've got me laid the other night. How do we do that? Wow. Well, I was at one of these boring corporate functions that they have, you know, like one of these Raira sessions. Yeah. More importantly, afterwards with the cocktail party and dinner. So we're all sitting around the table drinking, having a good time, laughing. And the topic of music came up. I turn around and say, I listen to you guys in the afternoon. This chick across from me, who's a fan of yours, said, yeah, I listen to him too. Everything else. We're laughing, having a good time. Two minutes later, we're having dinner. I look her straight in the eye and I say, Mohawk? Her eyes just bugged out. The food came flying out of her mouth. Mohawk or Triangle? Yeah. So she wouldn't answer me. Nobody at the table knew what was going on. She caught a composure. She didn't answer me. So I asked her again, Mohawk? She said, no. I said, Triangle? She said, no. I look at her. I go, Air floor? And the table just didn't know what we were talking about except for me and her. One thing led to another. We go back to her place and we took care of business. Very nice. I just wanted to call you guys up and thank you for the nice keywords there. How about that? Hey, John, what station gets you laid? 1027, boys. Very good. Yes, your vagina station. Your balloon knot station. Balloon knot radio. Balloon knot station. All right. Thank you, John. Peter from Bayshore. Peter from Bayshore. Spaz, you effing idiot. But a big F you to Opie and Anthony for trusting Spaz with such a responsibility. A-holes. Yeah, well, you know what? We're going to have to take a little responsibility for this, Anthony. We thought maybe Spaz had it in him to produce a segment for our radio show. Yeah. And this is what we get. Spaz, if you screw this up, I am personally going to come down there from Long Island and drown you in the toilet. Now, have faith in us, guys. It'll happen. Robert, what's up? Hey, I got an idea to try to save your show. Yes. Stinky's got to get in the tub there and Spaz has to wash him down. You know what? Get Spaz and Stinky in here. I'm telling you right now, we're going to put a time limit. Oh, my God. No. We're putting a time limit. Look at Stinky panicking. You're going in that freaking kiddie pool with Spaz and someone's going to be sponging someone. If we don't get girls down here, just sponge off, Karen. I swear to God, you and Spaz, Stinky and Spaz, will end up in that kiddie pool scrubbing each other in the gayest scene ever to take place. Just like the scene in... Oh, God, help me out here. Tony Curtis, Spartacus, and I just need... Hey, Spartacus, sponge me off. And if they don't do it, they're fired. Fired. Sponge me down, though, you know. Hey, Spaz, wash my crotch. Look at Rick. It took Rick two minutes. Maybe Rick could spaz on Stinky down the lift and stuff. Look, Stinky's heart stopped because he really was scared that, you know, it still might happen. They're Stinky. There ain't no girls down here yet. Hey, Robert, thanks for that, all right? All right. Why would I miss? This is the deal. If the girls don't come down here to sponge down Smelly Karen, Stinky and Spaz are going in that kiddie pool and sponging each other down. Without a doubt. I'm going to cancel those girls right now. And I'm telling you right now, if they don't do it, they're done. Done. Done from this show. Done. I'm available. I'll take the influence. But it looks like we might have some girls coming down. Yep. Rick? Yep. How many? Where are they coming from? Laszlo, Overprivilege. Overprivilege. Oh, they're coming from Privilege? Yeah. All right. He said they should be there within the next 10 or 15 minutes. I'll throw them in the cabin, send them right over. All right. Very good. We'll save this. Why is the camera there in front of Stinky's face now? I don't know. We should have a good camera shot of the pool. All right. Well, get Stinky back in here because Smelly Karen is done working out. We got to see what she smells like now. Yeah. Stinky, did you work up a sweat, Karen? At all? Yeah? Karen, talk into the mic. Yes. I'm very tired. What do you want from me? Wow, she's cranky too. Stinky and cranky. All right, lift that arm. Get the nose right. No, no, no. Go for the good pit, the left one. Yeah, we know the left one was right in there. Closer. Oh my God. Wow. Oh my God. Where's Spaz? Makes Spaz smell. He might be down for the count. You don't know where Spaz is? Spaz is all depressed. I just searched the whole station for Spaz. Oh my God. Did he jump finally? Did he go to the roof and jump? Oh, no. Did he walk out? Yeah, Spaz is all depressed because his segment went horribly wrong. His segment. He was trying to produce a segment. He produced a segment that went wrong and now he's like he can't be found. I think he finally snapped on us, Anthony. I'm never going to be able to produce. Does anyone know where I can get a high-powered rifle? I'm climbing to the roof. Yeah, we see Spaz fall from the window. From the front of the window. All right, well, the kiddie pool is ready, Anthony. Yeah. The bubble bath is in there. Karen reeks and we got girls on the way. Check, check, check. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up, Owen? How are you? I want to give an F to whoever started saying, okay, terrific. Why? Because I said it in economics class today to my teacher and he almost tore me a new ass. Okay, terrific. You got to say it like that too. Oh, I did. Okay, terrific. This guy yells at everybody. Yeah. Oh, it's awesome. All right, Matt, thank you. All right, thank you. Syndication now. Cool. Yes. All right, bye. Bye. All right, Anthony, we're going to take a break. We're going to try to find Spaz to see if he's killed himself. I think he did. He's gone. He's gone. Stinky can't find him. Stinky! Where's your boss? I have no idea. I looked all over the office. I looked in the bathroom. If he doesn't come back, guess what? You might be getting a promotion already. All right. Well, listen, we'll try to find him, Anthony. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. All right. Well, listen, we'll try to find him, Anthony. This is amazing. Spaz has disappeared. Yeah. So upset that his segment went awry. Yeah. I was producing your segment. You know, in all fairness, the guy was really excited about his little segment today. We were backing off and letting Spaz make the phone calls. He was reporting back to us and eating some stuff. You know what this is like? Remember when Mr. Brady gave Greg Brady the plans? And he was supposed to bring them. Remember, he drew up the plans and Greg was supposed to take them to wherever the hell Mr. Brady worked and he lost them? What was in the canister instead? No, that was the other time at the amusement park. Oh, with the plans. Yeah. Oh, I know what you're talking about. Okay. Greg got a job with Mike Brady. And he was like a delivery guy and he lost the plans. That's right. So then to make it up to him and get his confidence back up, Mike had to go crawling to his boss and say, look, please give the kid another chance. He's going to be effed up for life, you know? So they give him another chance and what does Greg do? Loses it again. He effed up again. But then just by luck, he kind of got at it. That's the Spaz situation. All right. He was so excited about his little plan, his little segment. I don't think we should give him a second chance though. He had notes and everything. He kept checking with them. What Ben? He raised his hand in the meeting. He said, you could count on me. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that in the meeting with Jeremy. Our boss was sitting there and Spaz was in there and said, I'd like to suggest something. I can get the girls to sponge down Karen. This could be an ironman charge. I can do this. I can. Jim on line nine wants Spaz to sniff Karen for cranky ass. Karen, have you ever gotten cranky ass? You know what that is? I think I do. I don't even want to know. As far as Bill Brady says, Cal Bell Bill, our pal, cranky ass is like if you pop a nugget like a milk dud and then walk about a half mile. Then all of a sudden you got cranky ass. You know, you pop a nugget and don't clean up too well back there. You got to walk about a mile. I wouldn't know. Why? Because I wouldn't smell it. She has no idea. She doesn't know. Smelly Karen cannot smell. If and when Spaz comes back here, he's got to check her for cranky ass. No one's ever notified me of having it. You know what? You're wearing overalls so it's easy. He could just pull the back out and give a good whiff to see if she's got cranky ass. That's his punishment. Then we'll forgive him. Forgive him? Well, we have to forgive him. This is the funniest thing ever. Spaz is so upset. He was so excited about this. This is better than if it went perfectly by plan there, you know? It's like telling an eight-year-old that the Disney trip is off. Like that's how upset Spaz is right now. He's like sulking somewhere. I don't know where he went. Do you think he's somewhere? Psycho Mark, can you find him? I don't know, but he's really upset, dude. We know he's upset. Where is he? Rick was riding him pretty hard. No, is he really upset? He was steaming, dude. I thought he was going to rip Rick's throat out. So where is he now? I don't know. Take your phone and try to find him. He's on the street. He's probably on the street. He's around here somewhere. He's around here somewhere. No, go find him with the cell phone. I'm serious. And then call the show. It's special class. I swear to God. Oh, man. You've got to calm him down. All right, Anthony, we're going to retire. We've got to take a break. We'll try to find Spaz. We'll try to find Spaz. We'll try to find Spaz. We'll try to find Spaz. We've got to take a break. We'll try to find Spaz. The girls are on the way. The backup plan is happening as we speak. And Smelly Karen will get her a little sponge bath and maybe some lesbianism today, once again today. Any girls want to come down? She is very good looking. She just has an odor problem that we're going to take care of. All right, Anthony, also on the show today, we're playing all the offensive songs. Yes. We are doing the most offensive song contest. You still have time to get your song in. All the finalists will be at our next road show it's looking like around, I don't know, mid-April, and you'll be able to perform your most offensive song in front of everybody. Thousands of people will be watching you do your song. All right, and it's time to play the one everyone is talking about, Anthony. Oh, really? Yeah, it's time. We've got a couple more we're going to play today, but... What? Well, we might be looking for a replacement for Spaz. What's the problem? His jacket and his bag are gone. What did you do? I heard you were yelling and screaming at him. I saw it. I said, Spaz, I thought you had this taken care of. But the girl got sick and the girl didn't want to come down. I said, but you've got to make sure this is taken care of and you've got to have a backup. And then he snapped at me. Oh, he did? He started yelling at me. I'm like, dude, don't f'n snap at me. I go, this is your problem. Now I've got to fix it. Oh, my God. He just flipped. To Spaz's credit, sometimes things like this do happen. You can't totally razz the guy. Well, no, that's why I mentioned to him. I said, make sure this is all set. If you need a couple others, make sure you let me know. We'll have backup. I got it. And he said, no, these are good. Oh, my God. So he walked? He walked. He walked. He left. Holy s'mol. We've got to get his side of the story. I don't think he jumped on a train. He's somewhere around here. We've got to find him. He took his bag and his jacket and he's gone. He's gone. Page him or something. Corky's out there alone in New York City. Jesus. What a mess. This show, I swear to God, it's like some kind of goddamn drug rehab place. What's up? Who is this? He's our own little strawberry. I've got to say it. I've got to stick up for Spaz. I feel really bad for him. Because the guy is trying to make it. It was his little statement that it feels so bad. He was so proud of himself. It was his first real responsibility for the show. You know what I mean? He does things and stuff, but this was his first real responsibility that only he was in control of. And it flopped. He finally mastered the picking up of lunch and we figured he was ready for the next step. He was delegating responsibility to other people to pick up lunch and answer the phones. And he finally figured he'd use up a notch where now he can help contribute to the show. He didn't have to get the coffee anymore. He graduated to getting the smoothies and what have you. And what happened? It all came crashing down in one horrible afternoon. Well, if Spaz is listening, he's got to call the show. We want his side of the story. Yeah, call up. Not going to be a good idea. Anthony, with that, we do have to take a break. But before we do so, this is the one everyone's talking about as we do our most offensive song contest. It's Jeff, AKA Fuel. You'll know the title of the song in a minute here. Here it is, everybody humming this today all over the Tri-State area. The other inmates think I'm kind of sick Because of where I like to dip my stick I'm kind of sick I'm kind of sick I'm kind of sick I like to dip my stick And how I always talk about the day I met that little hearty John Goodman I wish that thing could somehow understand I'm just an average ordinary man But somehow they just can't seem to get While Maggie Simpson always makes me wet Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper But sweet as young They're good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper The youngest cherished I'll always be a baby I'll always taste so sweet I'll pick my dates up at the Disney Store When mommy turns away I go for more Sing them songs And tell them that they're sweet As I slip the little booties off their feet Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper But sweet as young They're good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper The youngest cherished I'll always taste so sweet Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper So sweet as young They're good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper I'm a baby Raper Opie and Anthony, those guys are lightweights. I can drink them both under the table. 1027 WNEW, it's Opie and Anthony. We're in the middle of a commercial break here, but we need the help of our listeners, I believe, Anthony. We'll put out an all points bulletin. Yeah, we want you guys to look for spaz. Calling all cars, calling all cars, be on the lookout for a tall redheaded retard. Last seen in the area of 57th and 7th. He is unarmed but completely dangerous. Yeah, well, spaz left the show. He's really, really upset, and we need to talk to him today. We can't get a hold of him. If you guys see him on the train, what train does he take home? The Metro North, right? Yeah, Metro North. Metro North, he might be near Grand Central Station right about now. Spaz, you have so much to live for. Don't do this. Spaz, this is Anthony speaking. Please, if you're listening, if you can hear my voice, please call in. We're worried sick about you. Spaz, everybody loves you, Spaz. It's okay. It's okay to make a mistake. It doesn't mean it all has to end like this. Please, Spaz. Please. Please come back. We're punching you in the universe. We really want to talk to Spaz. If anyone sees him out there, please tell them to call the show. If his girlfriend is listening, please page Spaz and tell him to call the radio show. We want to see what his mood is, Anthony, right? Yeah. We really need to hear his side of the story. There's rumors that Rick might have berated him in front of 30 people. Uh-oh. Is that true, too? A lot of people nodding their heads going, yes, on that one, Anthony. Who's the... I'd say Opie's the biggest Spaz supporter on the show. I like the kid. He does a lot for the radio show. Right. I rarely ever give Spaz any props or anything. And I've got to say, Rick might have gone over the line on this one. I don't think so, man. You can't berate people in front of... You can't berate him in front of people. Hold on, hold on. Why is he nodding their heads saying you berated him in front of a lot of people? Because he started to berate me. Right. Well, the kid's a psoe. And it's just like, I understand that. But he's got to deal with the professional real world, which means, you know, you don't go running away crying if something doesn't work. Spaz, please come back, Spaz. Everyone misses you. I mean, Lord knows, you know, there's been a bunch of the times where I've been totally stressed out, and I just walk to the other room, cool off, and come back in and get back to work. We're talking about Spaz. You have to deal with him with kid gloves sometimes. The kid was so excited about his little segment today. He ran up and down the stairs like 20 times in buckets of water to fill up a kiddie pool. He figured out what temperature he needed the pool at. He figured out how to get the soap suds in there. He was running around like a little kid waiting for Santa Claus to show up, looking at the door, just waiting for the girls to show. And then he got the bad news that the girls weren't showing. Oh, man. It practically killed him. Anthony, use the bullhorn again, please. If Spaz's girlfriend is listening, please tell Spaz to call the show. Spaz, this is Father of Lanigan. Please, you'll come to come back. Lord, it is. The people love you. The people love you. This isn't the way you should go out. Your life is so much meaning. What are you doing, Lord? Give me another beer. Spaz, if you're in the sound of our voice, if you can hear us, we're begging you, please don't let it end like this. Spaz, Spaz, Spaz, it's your mom. Please, don't hurt yourself. I know you're a little angry right now. You're feeling a little rejected. You're feeling like maybe, maybe you failed. You didn't come through for the show. Well, those feelings are absolutely true. And right, you did. You effed up. Oh, wait a minute. No, no, it happens. It happens to everybody, Spaz. Spaz, look, the police aren't here to hurt you. Get off the ledge and crawl back in the window, Spaz. Come back. Somebody out there cares about you. Please find Spaz for us and tell him to call the show. All right, we got to take a quick break. Like a friggin' old yeller. I know. We're in the middle of a commercial break. We'll be back in a few minutes. Stay there. Oh, for your namesake. Can we get these illiterates off the air, please? These suck. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. It's FU Friday. With O and A. Hello. Never a dull moment on this damn radio show. No. Spaz is missing. Spaz is missing. And this is no... No... S. Spaz is AWOL. Keith the cop's on the line. Let's see if Keith can help us. We're looking for our faithful listeners to find Spaz somewhere out there on the streets of New York and tell him to call the radio show. He left here very, very upset. We're concerned for his safety, Anthony, at this point. Yes. And we want to make sure he's going to be OK, OK? And on the phone, Keith the cop. Before I talk to Keith, Spaz may be around the area of Grand Central Station, getting on Metro North, OK? Wow. You think he actually went home? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, he left. But he's so despondent. And he does have a pager on him. If anyone knows Spaz's pager number, could you beep them and tell them to call the radio show? All right. Keith the cop on the line, what's up? You know, under normal circumstances, an adult we don't classify him as missing. But being that he does have diminished mental capabilities, we will make a special exception and categorize him as a special missing. We're going to get a photo in every car and we're going to have him out there looking for Spaz. I believe they've dispatched the airbag to the studio. Yeah, blow up the airbag around the building in case he went for the roof. In case he goes for the roof. All the transit facilities have been notified. They have a picture. We're going to fax it to them. He will be retuned to the studio. All right. Thank you, Keith the cop, for your help. Thank you. All right, there he goes. Keith the cop, friend of the show, Anthony. We interrupt the opening show for this special news bulletin. Tom Brokaw, NBC Nightly News. On this afternoon, we hope and pray for the safety of Spaz, who has been missing now for more than 15 minutes, somewhere in Manhattan. Tom Brokaw, NBC Nightly News. We've dispatched reporters and cameras to the Spaz compound, where they are holding a vigil for Spaz. And of course, the Navy ship Grasse has been dispatched to look for Spaz. To the East River. To the East River to try to look for Spaz. We're all moving and praying. Of course, Spaz didn't file a flight plan when he left the building, so we don't know exactly where he has been. It has been a warm and happy night. It has been a warm and hazy day. The haze in his head may contribute to him missing now. I broke off. Yes, Opie, yes. You sound a little woozy today. I am indeed a little groggy, a little woozy. Yeah, what's the problem? You know, I believe it's some of these soap products in the pool that Spaz is filling up. It seems to have gone to my head. I'm a little light-headed. You're a little light-headed. Yes. Come look at NBC Nightly News. They search for Spaz. As we continue looking for Spaz, a nation is just praying, hoping that they will find him, in any condition, but hoping and praying that they do find him. We are now up to about 16 minutes with no word from Spaz. You want to go on location? I believe there's a few people with megaphone outside the building yelling and screaming. Let's go outside now and see how the search is going. Spaz, this is your third grade English teacher. Remember the time you took that test and got a zero and chewed through your own tongue? You were so upset and ran away. Remember how you felt? I'm sure you feel just like that now. Please come back, Spaz. We all miss you. We are concerned with your safety. Hello, Spaz. It is Celine Dion. Spaz, you mustn't ever give up hope. You must be like the brave rose who clung onto that piece of wood in the cold waters of the North Atlantic when the mighty ship Titanic sank below the depths of the waves after striking that iceberg. Just think, think of those strippers that were supposed to show up for the show today and not showing up. Think of them as the iceberg. And the ship, the mighty ship that was your career on the opening of the show struck that iceberg and tore open your hull flooding all of your water-trade compartments. But Spaz, like Rose and so many others that clung to wood and lifeboats, you must not give up. We're bound! Spaz, you must not give up. Spaz, you must come back to the people that love you as Rose did. Spaz, do you think you are a failure? Do you think you have let the boys down? You must be a survivor. Please come back, Spaz. Search out the studio as my husband, Rene Sperm, tries to search out my egg. You must come back. Come back, Spaz. And now a song for Spaz. The candlelight vigil is being held now with thousands of candles being lofted in the air to the sounds of Soledad as we hope and pray for the safe return of our beloved red-headed retards, Spaz. Not a dry eye in the house as people weeping openly waiting for some kind of news of JFK... of Spaz, sorry. Yes, Spaz. We all remember Spaz. Let's think back, so the sounds was Spaz. Come on! Come on! Okay, terrific. I'm getting a little choked up here. This moment is very touching. I believe just as people have been asked throughout the years what were you doing when Kennedy was assassinated? Do you remember where you were when the man landed on the moon? You will remember this day in the future where were you when Spaz disappeared? More! More! More! Spaz! Spaz! Spaz! More! More! More! Spaz! Spaz! Spaz! Spaz! Spaz! More! Spaz! Spaz! Spaz! More! Spaz! More! Well, let's see here... Let's see here, concern, hope, people praying. Okay, terrific. I found another Spaz sound bite. More! More! More! Come on! More! Come on! More! Come on! More! More! More! Spaz, you must be a survivor. Okay, Anthony, now entering the 20th minute where no word from Spaz, who you may recall walked off the Open Ending Show on the streets of Manhattan and disappeared because of Rick's ranching in front of 30 some odd people in the studio. I believe Spaz felt degraded. That was his last, the report of his last emotional state was being very degraded. Dave, what's going on? I'm being listened to a, no longer a search and rescue, but a recovery mission. Is that correct? Thank you, Dave. I don't know, I'm going to go to line 5. Hold on a minute, alright? Alright. I don't know if that's true. Rob, what's up? Hey, what's up? This is Rob from EMS. Check this out. Alright, up in uptown Manhattan, the 30 precinct, 155 in St. Nick, he jumps out of the window second floor, people are like amazed, and he starts ranting and raving. He runs back into the building, he limped in. They got ESU and EMS on standby, they're doing a floor to floor search. Of course, starting with the roof, maybe the guy didn't realize what floor he was on. But that's how your show is taking off, man. Alright, well thank you. Alright, I'll catch up to you guys soon. I'm glad we cut off the Celine Dion bit for that. Okay, terrific. Alright, Anthony, wow. Other people saying maybe Spaz was abducted by the giant mosquito. The weather is turning a bit warmer. Let's see. Let's go to Paul. Hey guys, what's going on? I just saw Spaz's face on the back of a milk carton. Yeah, it says, how have you seen me lately? In the last 20 minutes. Things are getting bad. Alright, Paul, thank you. Later guys. Alright, well hopefully Spaz will call the radio show and all seriousness, we want to make sure he's okay, alright? He had a tough little afternoon today. Our buddy, our pal, our inspiration, Spaz. Where do we stand with the girls and the sponging and stuff? Chuck's in the pool. Chuck's in the pool? What? Ladies on the way, right? One of the girls who want to be a lesbian for a day too, Tanya, she called in, I guess she was... No, no, no, she was one of the backups. Is she coming in? No, she got into a car accident. Oh, she's not showing up. I hope it had nothing to do with Spaz. Alright, well we'll definitely make this work, Anthony, okay? Also, voting for Bit of the Week, almost done. Get your votes in for that. Alright, so we have some of the most offensive songs on the O&A show. Oh yeah. This one is from Billy and Paul from airsick.net as we encourage other people to send in their most offensive songs for the most offensive song contest, okay? What are you laughing at? Just all the feedbacks and the fuck up. Saw Spaz in a bar with Mike Adams. Jesus, man. That's pretty funny. Alright, this one outraged a lot of people yesterday. Let's play it again and we'll be back. I can't be a dad You bitch I've been had Punch your stomach Tried pliers they got stuck Your ass is bleeding Hangers in your uterus Oh stop your crying I think I've hopped on a train I think I've hopped a fetus Wanna kill a fetus Just once Can't get out of their cunts Please, DNC Suck out little toes and knees Back, back, gang Can't hear the little boats crack Ooze, can't juice Gonna pull it till it comes loose I'm gonna pull it till it comes loose Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay. Brainwreck Radio The OVN Anthony Show 1027 WNEW What a day, what a day, what a day, what a day Never a dull moment on this damn radio show Come on, Spence, give us a call. I can't believe he hasn't called. Even if he wants to just yell at us. We'll accept that today. Just today. Well, Smelly Karen's gonna leave soon. Karen, are you kidding? I'm not kidding. No way. I have to meet my art craft at the Metropolitan Museum tonight. What time's that start? Start's at 6. I was supposed to be there at 6. I'm gonna be a little bit late because they're gonna be... Give me 10 minutes to wipe out. We still have some of your artwork. Don't worry about it. This is art history. This isn't drawing. In your world, art should be history. I'm sorry. It's cool. I'm learning, dude. I'm learning. Yeah, like that guy, new artist, he did this Hitler thing or Giuliani with some Nazis. That's what we should do. Let's just do some over-the-top Giuliani, Nazi artwork or something. And then we'll get some press. Or press whores. Why don't we get her in the kiddie pool? All right, let's do that. We're gonna get some people who are in a cab as we speak and probably just a few blocks away from privilege, Stella and Nikita. Are you gonna yell at them when they get here, Rick? Yes, Anthony, that's what I do. It's at the end of the day when everything goes wrong you guys will yell at me. Give me a break. Can we get her out there? Let's go. Get those goddamn clothes off and get in the water. Hopefully the girls will show up and they'll... Thanks, Anthony, I appreciate it. Tell Rick to get us a microphone so we can go out there and check out the festivities. Is this on the webcam, too? I'm looking at the webcam right now. First thing, get goddamn stinky and whoever the hell else is in the webcam camera line of sight out of there. Ben, get us a long microphone cord or something. Tell Psycho Mark to help us out, all right? Yeah, because we gotta go out there. Let's go to Ron real fast as they set this up. Ron, what's going on? I just heard a report they didn't locate Span but they were able to find his black box. Very nice. That's a good one. Another train wreck of a radio show, huh? Oh, yeah. A lot of people are concerned about Span, Anthony. Steve, what's up? I'm really concerned. I'm in Jersey looking for him. I was able to get through. He didn't hang up on me. Can I have his job? Everyone is already applying for his job. Guys, I work for less money. No money? I'm out of here? He brings too much good radio to our show. I can do that. Span, come home. One last thing, an FQ to Span. Bye, guys. Call the radio show. I'm getting naked finally. Smelly Karen is about to get sponged down. She's in the J-More suite. Getting ready. J-More would be proud today. Some of the instant feedbacks I'm reading, people are just running the gamut of emotions over the Span's Tribute. Really? One guy pulling out of Burger King almost crashed. I guess the sorrow just got to him. He says he was laughing real hard. I'm sure that's all it was. He said he was laughing so hard he almost crashed. She's in the pool? Say that again, Marc. Very nice. Is she topless? There's Karen. Is she naked? That would be bad. Are you sitting down in the pool? I'm lying down in the pool. Are you spinning around so you can face the camera? No. Here's part two of the saga. Spaz had arranged with Smelly Karen to be on the camera. He never told anyone about this. Karen, just wet your hair. No one will know it's you. Just be a trooper. No one will know it's me. I know she's got big, huge boobas there. Come on, you were showing those things on the camera. What's she wearing? She's got a white one-piece. Oh, yeah? Only for our own eye. You can hear the water. Oh, boy. I'll get the mic outside. Is this mic on? We're on the radio? We're next to the kiddie pool with Smelly Karen. She's dressed in a one-piece white bathing suit right now. Yes, I see. You can almost see through it as it gets wet up top. What are you doing in the pool with the bathing suit on? Because I'm having a bathing suit on. I'm waiting for the girls. She's waiting for the girls. Oh, is that it? So the second the girls get here, things might happen? Jesus Christ, we're standing around. Look at Psychomox. Psychomox pulling out his junk. Splash the water so we get that on the radio. Oh, yeah. Should I dunk? Yeah, go ahead. Dunk under. Jesus. Was that a fart or was that the pool? Shut up. Did anyone else hear that croak? Did you fart or was that the pool? Drop the soap in there. There's the soap. Start washing yourself up because the lesbians are on the way. They want a nice smelly, a fresh smelling Karen. Right, Anthony? Why was they going to scrub me out? She's got to get that under on. There we go. Don't worry, I don't want to electrocute you. Show us your washing technique and we'll comment if you're doing it right or wrong. I usually soap up my hands. Soap on your hands and then do that. Do we have any kind of washcloths or something? Throw Spaz's t-shirt in there. That's a towel so she could dry herself off. That's a snot rag. She's taking care of her underarms right now, Anthony. Yeah, I see. She should have some kind of a loofah thing. Maybe some kind of exfoliating thing. I don't know. I don't think you're washing good enough. I don't see you really lathered up. She loves the soap already. Right there. I don't know how you can get all the vital areas that have to be washed wearing a bathing suit, for Christ's sake. What about the thatch? What about the thatch? If there's any fragrance coming out of that. Play What's in Your Pants right now. Use the mic. Just pull the top down because you've got to get the smell from underneath the breast. There we go. You've got big boobs. You've got to hoist those things aloft. There we go. All right. See? Okay, terrific. Now this is getting a little better, Anthony. Don't be bashful. Soap them up. She's taking a bath in front of what? Like 15 guys. This is pretty sick. All right. Where are the other chicks? They're coming. They're coming. Now soap up underneath the boobs. Like lift them up. I want to see if there's any like sweat cheese under there or anything. Okay. God damn. That's disgusting. They were nice and clean. I got to give her a cut. Just dropping up. There you go, Mikey. This is the way to get meetings. Take your clothes off and take a bath, Mikey. All right. She's going under again. Oh, look how buoyant her boobs are. Yeah, that was very nice. Wait, do that again. All right, come on. Don't get all shy. Don't get shy. She's getting all shy. Get on your back, man. It's like flotation devices. Come on. Let me see. All the way on your back again. Let's go. Look at Pete. All right. Move your arms. Move your legs. Wow, look at that. Wow. Look at that. They just bob around like a buoy. All right, and so far she has cleaned her underarms. She's cleaned the cheese from underneath the breast. The pool's making noises when she moves. It's going... Do you clean between the breasts at all? Yeah, I guess I just do it. All right, time for cleansing of the ass crack. Yeah. Stand up and do the ass crack. Stand up and do the ass crack. You might have cranky ass, you know? You don't want cranky ass. You went through all the trouble of getting in the pool. You can't have cranky ass. I don't have cranky ass. This is a radio first. A girl taking a bath, a bubble bath, in the middle of the bath. Why? What? Oh, Steve is trying to get an underwater shot. Steve is trying to get an underwater shot, Anthony. She's the most exposed shy person I've ever seen. What's she doing? She's soaping up the hand. And now she's slipping a hand in a crack and washing. And she's washing her... Her path. Yeah, now get down the front of that thing. All right, here she goes, Anthony. Soaping up the hands. There she goes. Whoa. She's playing What's in My Pants, but instead of using her phone, she's using the soap. Yeah. All right, very good. Scrub that thing good. No, no, you need to scrub. Oh, my God. Is that all you washed, that thing? We might have found the problem area. A red flag has just gone up. We might have found the problem area. The red flag, you got to spend more than five seconds, a little more time down there. Four to five seconds on that area. That's what they call an action area. You got to work a little extra. There you go. Put the whole bar of soap down there. Keep it down there so you have a bulge in your pants. Yeah. I think she just found my high school class ring. She's got it. When she leaves the bar of soap down there, it looks like Celine Dion. All right, she spent about 30 seconds down there. Where are the girls? I don't know. What are you thinking? Where are the girls? We got to wait for the other girls before she gets out. Any comments from the peanut gallery? Any comments? Everyone liking it. Everyone liking the technique of Karen's bubble bath. She's done the underarms, Ann. She's done the... She's done the boob. She's done the crotch. All right, now she's working her feet. There's a film on the water. A film on the water. It looks like an oil slick. It looks like where the Exxon Valdez went down. We finally got the inappropriate bell in. I don't know if we got the bell out here. All right. Okay, drink it. All right. What do you got there, Rick? Some kind of shampoo? This is a body wash. A body wash. A body wash. There you go. A body wash. Wait, wait. Yeah. Oh, he's dripping it on her real slow. Oh, yeah. Drip it all over, man. Get her. Here, lean over. Lean over. Oh, yeah, Rick. Oh, my God. Rick, you're so inappropriate, man. Rick just put it down by his crotch and squeezed it. It just came flying out at her. It hit her in the face. All right, Rick. Come on. Rick, you're just wrong, man. All right, she's using the body wash, Ann, now. She needs a chick to wash her back. She needs someone to wash her back. Oh, Anthony, the limo guy. Very nice, Anthony. Very nice. I like this. Maybe that could be the problem. She can't reach, like, those hard to reach areas, Ann. Yeah. We're trying to figure out why she smells so bad when she's... She's soaping up her legs now. I shaved it. I see you shaved. That's very nice. You shaved what? Oh, your legs. Okay. Wow. Any hair care products? Hair care products? Yeah. No, I shaved razor and soap. You want to wax yourself or something? Yeah. What else does she need to wash, guys? We did all the areas it looks like. Did she do the cranky ass? We didn't see. She wouldn't do anything. Yeah. I say she gets on her stomach and goes to bar of soap on her ass. We got to make sure. How can we judge if you're completely clean? All right, she's turning over, Anthony. There we go. Hey, that's a nice little ass there. There you go. Very nice, okay. I believe I'm doing this. Yeah, you do. Just get the soap. Don't worry about it. Get the soap. Whoa, okay. Give yourself a wedgie. We have another bar of soap. That's all right. It's all right. Yeah, we have a couple thousand bars of soap. All right, she's cleaning her... Right. ...up and done, Anthony. She's getting the whole area. All right. See that? No, that's what you need. This is... No, you're not... You're almost there. That's another action area. You're not spending enough time. No. Did you wash the taint? Yes. In between? Okay, good. You did. You got that whole unclogged area. Yeah. I have a little bar of soap down there. You know what? It's like... You ever look at a car or a truck? What's the dirtiest area? The undercarriage. You got to clean it. I feel like we're at a public pool, at the kiddie pool, watching one kid play. I don't know what you do on the weekends there, right? What other cleaning products do we have in the box? Kid toucher. Maybe it's her hair that smells so bad. No, no. Hey, maybe it is. I usually don't like it. You don't like it? I don't know. You don't like it? I don't know. You don't like it? I don't know. You don't like it? I don't know. I don't know. Maybe it's her hair that smells so bad. No, no. Hey, maybe it is. I use Suave Strawberry. Little shampoo? Yeah, get her to get her up her head. Get her going. All right. Because it depends. While she's using the shampoo, she's got to keep her eyes closed and we could all cop feels. She won't know who it is. Yeah, okay. All right, she's picking out her shampoo of choice. Her favorite hair care product, perhaps. The best part is the boobs that float on the top of the water. Yeah. It's hilarious. All right. Suddenly, no one cares that Spaz is missing. Spaz who? All right. I guess she's picking out a shampoo. A shampoo. At this point, Anthony. Rick, let her apply her own shampoo. Don't thrust it into her face. If you're tuning in, we're watching her girl bathe. She does. She's using a lot of shampoo. A lot of people freaking out on the internet because we do have the webcam. Yeah. Checking out this whole mess. There she goes. She's lathering up her head, Anthony. Getting a nice head of suds there. Look at that. You got to get the scalp, man. Yes, you got to rub the scalp. Of course. Very good. That's nice. I think she's getting clean, Opie. Yeah. If you stink after this, it's a lost cause. A lost cause. She's pretty much cleaned everything. She's going to now rinse her head in the soapy water. Rinsing her head. She's going down. There she goes. Oh, nice. She's not, but she's not, there we go. Now she's getting her hands into it. Yeah, Psycho Mark is precariously dangling the mic of inches above the water. We have like a boom mic set up. Oops. A boob mic. Look, there it is, the shot that we like. She's laying on her back and her boobs are kind of floating in the water. Floating above water. The nipples are above water. This was no boating accident. Well, I don't know what else to do. I think she's cleaning herself. A conditioner. She has the conditioner, Opie. She's got a milk pistol. This is the radio first. So the other girls come here. A girl taking a bubble bath. Taking a bath. She's completely bathing. In the kiddie pool. There she goes. A little conditioning. You don't condition the thatch? Hey, do you condition the thatch? Do I condition it? No. Down below? Really, you don't do that? She has a wood floor, Anthony. She needs polish. You do? You have wood floor? I was going to play What's in My Pants, but you guys didn't want it. Hey, we don't believe you. Oh, oh. Prove it. Yeah, give us a side shot. A side shot? A side shot of the wood floor. Wood floor. Wood floor. Wood floor. Wood floor. Is anybody on the call? Wood floor. Wood floor. Wood floor. Okay, sit alright. Alright, she needs a call. She needs a call. Who has a call? Still to come on the radio show, by the way. Bit of the week, Anthony. Yeah? After this mess. This could be it. The haunting tribute to Span. Alright, here we go, Anthony. Alright. The money. Wood floor. Wood floor. Wait, I can't see. Pull it aside. I can't see. I can't see. Wait, I can't see. Pull it aside more. No. I didn't see anything. I saw... I saw like the upper thigh. I saw, it looked like a hatchet wound. No, I... Whoa, two more. Ah. The girls from Privilege. Just in time, just in time. Wow. Hi, nice to meet you. She couldn't wash her back. She couldn't wash her back because she had a bad hand. Let her get in real fast before you leave. Yeah, and then she could help you wash your back. Alright, get the... Get the... Get the body wash or something. We got two... And I'll tell you something. No goddamn bathing suit or bottoms or anything. There's gotta be full nudity in this pool, for Christ's sake. Alright, the girls are getting undressed from Privilege, Anthony. Look at... Look here. Yeah. Smoking, man. Alright. Well, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna speak English. You can mess with me. No, no, no, no, I'm not talking about the class. I'm talking about my significant other. Of course, no. He doesn't know that I'm doing it now. No, no, no, no, no. Alright, the girls are just about ready to join Smelly Karen. Who's not that smelly anymore. Now she's soapy Karen. Soapy Karen. Psycho Mark, adding that she's almost... Whoa! Whoa! That she's almost bangable and she just splashed Psycho Mark. Alright, be careful. Who is the guy holding the mic over the pool? Yeah, you're crazy. You will get electrocuted. Alright, the girls... They're ready, let's jump in there. Bathroom should be right there. In the bathroom? We're live on the radio. Tell her to just pee in the pool. All of us did. Alright. Don't be shy. Come on. Alright. Alright, wow. Alright, here come the girls. Wow, they are smoking. Make sure you get that on the webcam, man. Do I have to go somewhere? No, we have any tunes or anything? Where's the boombox? That's alright. The girls... Oh my God. Hello. We gotta thank Lazlo from Privilege for helping us in a bind, man. Wow. Wow. Alright. Is the water warm? Yeah. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. The... Huh? No, because she's been washed? The stripper from Privilege is soaping up Karen really nice right now. The other girl has entered the kiddie pool with the body wash after. They're both topless. They are applying the soap in a very unusual way. Yeah, wow. Oh, look. Now Karen getting involved. They're using their boobs to spread out the soap and stuff. Yeah, who do we have? Introduce each other. That's Karen, that's Stella, and Nikita. Nikita, yeah. Nikita, our favorite. She's always here. Nikita brought her own flotation device just in case the water gets too deep. Alright, they're all soaping up. What are we, Swimmies? Hey, who's got the digital camera? Alright, Rick's taking some pictures. Wow, look at that. So we can show you guys later on. Oh, wow. Oh yeah, okay. Now there's washing going on. Oh, yeah. Okay, terrific. Wow, they are making sure all the areas we discussed earlier are definitely clean. Ladies, maybe you want to get the underside of her boobs. Stand up. Yeah, maybe stand up. There you go. Alright. And now washing her legs. Wow, look at that. Oh, she's using not only her hands, but the cleavage makes a great little wash. That was psycho Mark and that wasn't cream rinse. Mark is playing pool boy right now with the towel. Oh, wow. boy right now at the town uh... all very slippery is a very all three girls getting out very friendly with each other at this point at the and make sure you watch her cranky and she might have cranky as often watch it in there and i thought that they had a very bad here you go uh... all giggling going on in the pool and that's it uh... you did okay well look now you get all cleaned up washer up about what she said about people and and the listeners is going on and i think that the webcast yes and i don't want to find some great pictures take care of it what do you think about uh... touching other girls uh... soapy bodies like it yes he she's been long time and a long time that's something but look at that model that whole thing about it was almost gone at this point it just going all of it is still a you uh... you haven't been washed yet all i want to know there they are the girls get her all over you go here you can waste that bottle of uh... body cleaner just spread it just get it all over the plus one's all around her i think i want all around the g-strings because they show those dollars in there you don't know where the hell those things have been so you want to clean that whole area yeah but you don't want anything getting infected a paper cut cut cut well these girls again also people like this move sticks the body wash and just gets it all over her uh... boobage very nice applying uh... applying everything is this going to know we ought to do we ought to bottle up this water and sell it on ebay what are we stupid that's what's going on let's do it will bring it to our next uh... was you know what did i want to come to bed and i would like to have bottles of water from the uh... the less the lesbian bath yeah look at that all right well that'll end up in a court case uh... if we're still on the air the answer would have to be no of course wow yet after one girl's really good you're getting all washed up and she's got the two girls working there and so far up and cleaning her okay this also this kissing going on and it's like a lot of time and there is like a parent is carol is really getting turned on by this i don't know going down uh... but i think you've got a different apples yeah we have a lot of work there's too much so okay a karen i don't think uh... have they seen your foot they should go with floor you know that is you know what's what she's got the she's a she's a down completely and she doesn't know what am i talking to do she knows lap all of it now now we're down here was a serious grand finale action here and there's a they're both sitting up facing each other legs interlocked all okay carol is massive let's be able to get on right now we're gonna we're gonna send this into the spiel for the next uh... version of if these walls could talk so that i was a generous charlotte still crap and we got the real stuff right here james going to town of course we're taking plenty of video pictures of a little soapy rinse of all the point of your mouth there you go you got a little bit of water you gotta see this even though i'm sure it's getting poor they can one of your girls to get those in her arm pits to make sure she's clean for god's sake yet they're they're pretty clean by now give us now uh... he's playing out okay yeah good i think i think i think there are there is there now like uh... yeah that that that that that that that while i'm not a lot of lives are a bit of a touchy and touching now they're really getting i think i think that they know each other a little better now carried is really into this man cf cf dot all about our plan exactly i got our exhibit my parents it here uh... float here more about usage going on no Forester offense ministry traffic and hands and mouths coming into plane as a Yeah batch you don't mean on the back of that to hire schools about right One of the girls leaned on the side of the pool and the water almost came out. Very close that time. Oh my God. Taking on water. You must be a survivor. Almost flooded all the watertight compartments. I'll tell you what, I don't think Karen's got a watertight compartment right now. Hells no. Just watch that. I don't even know what else to say yet. This is just one of the best lesbian scenes I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. You just don't want it to stop, you know? There's a lot more rubb- You know what it is, as it goes on they're getting more and more intimate with each other. We have brought lesbian for a day to the next level. I do believe that. Oh Karen. There's some deep kissing. Karen is like totally into chicks. Look at that. You're my best pal at this point. Come on. Don't be an Anthony. Yeah, see? He ragged you a little bit, but look, we cleaned you up and we got you two chicks. Another lesbian fantasy coming true, Anthony. Wonderful. All right, ladies. That was fantastic. We got to thank Smelly Karen, Stella, and Nikita, right? Nikita from Privilege, two really smoking babes. Go see them at Privilege downtown, right, Ant? Yeah. All right, ladies. Very careful coming out of the pool. There's no lifeguard on duty. They all have boners. Next! Yeah, we'll do a bit of the week. Next. Stay there. Hello? Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here. That has no place on this show. I know that. Hopefully he had that for the day. Hello? And I thought we were all just having fun. Is someone archiving those pictures off of the webcam so we can maybe put them on the unofficial site? You can download, like, yeah, you ever see that? You download an entire half hour or hour at a time of all the pictures of people that weren't able to see it. That would be nice. Well, just when you thought you've lost faith in your buddies, Opie and Anthony, we pulled another one out of our butts today, even without spaz. We've got to thank the fine ladies from Privilege for stopping on by and saving our bit today. Jumping into the little kiddie pool with just this smelly Karen, scrubbing her down. Wow, ladies. Wonderful. Yeah, we've got to thank the ladies before they leave. Stella and Nikita from Privilege. How do you feel? Did you guys have fun? Squeaky clean. Squeaky clean? Stella's the coach at the pool. Stella's the coach? Oh, that's okay, because we were down there. I was trying to remember if I saw you naked or not before. I have nothing to do with them now since they're all wet. All right, your wet panties. We'll save those too. We'll save those. We'll throw them out to the crowd during the next roadshow, Anthony. Maybe we'll give them to Rosie O'Donnell and she could auction them off for charity. On eBay. Yeah. Let's start our own O&A eBay charity. Just all the disgusting debaucherous crap we have on this show. We're bottling the water, Anthony. Yeah, we're going to save some of the pool water for the next appearance and we're going to give that away, autographed bottles of the pool water, of the lesbian bath. Well, Karen, how are you feeling now? Come on, Karen. You've got to like us now even though we said you were stinky, right? I feel pretty good. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. She's sitting right here, like a couple of feet away from me. Yeah. I am smelling soap and clean shampoo and conditioning. You smell very good. And can't take your word for it. Where's stinky? Stinky, get in here. Stinky was the one who smelled Karen's armpits. Let's see if they're clean now. Stinky? Yep. You have to smell her armpits now to see where we stand. Yeah, lift that up. Okay. It was the left arm that was the problem area. It's very flowery fresh. There you go. Oh yeah. It is now clean Karen. Not smelly Karen. Clean Karen. The artist formerly known as stinky Karen. Lesbian Karen. Oh, looks like, yeah, should be lesbian Karen. Jesus Christ. You were going to town in there. She had two handfuls of mouthfuls and she's going to town. Well, it's definitely a new meaning to, you know, wash your mouth out with soap. See? You're dirty. She's got a soapy mouth. Even though you just came out of the bath, you are a dirty girl. Yes, you are. I think she was brushing her teeth with part of Nikita. Yeah, I know. I know. I got to check out. Well, let's hear it for smelly Karen. Formally smelly Karen is out. Clean as a whistle Karen. Very good. And you really enjoy the whole bell thing. Oh yeah. Ladies out there, if there's a lesbian fantasy we can make come true for you, just get a hold of the radio show, okay? Okay, terrific. Yeah, that's right. All right, Karen. All right. Thanks guys. Thanks. There goes Karen. Karen in the studio. She'll be at our class in about 10 minutes. She'll go to our class and all of the students will go, you smell so good. See? And I guess we got to thank the ladies from Privilege. But your clothes still stink. I'm kidding, Karen. I'm kidding. And let's hear it for Stella and Nikita from Privilege. West 23rd Street on the corner of 11th Avenue. Great little place down there. Yes, check it out. Say hi to Lazlo for us and the girls, Stella and Nikita. All right? Thank you ladies. Thank you ladies for helping us out today. We appreciate it. Beautiful. Nice to meet you. Between five and eight, free admission and buffet. They want us to mention it. Buffet. Proper attire. It's a gentleman's club. Privilege. All right? Proper attire. You can't go there with your shlong hanging out. I don't like this man. Oh man. Tell them who you are or they'll throw you out. Dressed like that, you're slob. If the phone's just going nuts here, what radio show shares with their listeners? Well, that's just it. I'm reading the instant feedback which is coming in at a rate I haven't seen in quite some time. And people are saying this is the best thing. I mean we are giving people, somebody said the best radio they've ever seen. Seen? Now what is that? I want to share with you guys. So they punched up the cam and saw three girls naked in a kiddie pool washing each other and then caressing. The best bubble bath I've ever seen in my life. That was pretty good. You know what's funny? Me and Hope were standing outside. We're trying to give a play by play. Thank God we have the webcam so people can check it out. But after a while, you realize when something has run its course, you know, we didn't want to stop. It was like, okay, you know, as far as the radio show goes, we did it. It was a rousing success. But let's keep going for ten more minutes. Because I really don't want to stop. Because the secret of radio when you're in one of these things where you have lesbians going at it in a kiddie pool and it's a sudsy and soapy and stuff, the girls will continue until you turn the mics off. As soon as the mics go off, they are done. Don't kid yourself. They're not here trying to turn us on. They're here for the exposure and the fame of the whole thing. So you probably heard a few of them, okay, they're scrubbing. Right. So we were delaying knowing as soon as we turned off the mics, they were done. But a good thing we did delay because toward the end, they really started getting more friendly. It was a little weird when they first got in the pool, the two girls, with Karen. They had to loosen up a little bit. Yeah, and then once they loosened up, Karen loosened right up, didn't she? Oh my God. Steve, what's going on? How did that leave her 2000 face? Your timing, terrible. A big F you, Spaz, because I was on that webcam from like 3 o'clock on trying to catch it now. I had to go pick up my girlfriend. I got screwed. Oh, Spaz screwed you, Steve. You ain't kidding. I swear to God one day I will pay this man back. We just crashed the NAW website, by the way. You're kidding? Yeah, it's back and running now, but it just was getting pounded by our listeners. It took a lot of hits. It took a lot of hits. It's okay, because there will be video and stuff on the official website. Webcam is the ultimate, bro. That is the best radio, exactly the best radio that we've ever seen. It's great. Well, we try to share with you guys a little different than how the other guys did it in this town. Yeah, thank you, Karen. Yo, she's pretty cute. Not bad, man. I sent in a feedback earlier. Cool. Yo, guys, thanks a lot, man. Have a good one. Thank you, Steve. Later. All right, let's go to John. John, you're next on WNEW. Guys, that ruled, man. Yeah, that was something, huh? That was phenomenal. We had that on at work, and there's a girl there that is so hot for this thing. She wants to come in next week. Oh, really? Let me tell you, man. I'll tell you guys, we could have bailed you out, because right at the time you were missing out on the girls, we were trying to get through and Spaz hung up on me. Yeah, well, we're going to make a lot of ladies' fantasies come true on this radio show. We're taking the whole lesbian for a day thing to the next level. Well, I was beyond the next level, my friend. All right, John, thank you. We'll call you next week. We'll get her over there. All right, cool. I got to talk to John here. I mean, Joe, Joe, what's up? Hey, what's going on, O&A? Good. What's up? All right, I got a hand for you guys. You guys finally have exercised all the gayness that J. Moore brought us. I think you're right. That deserves a little clap. I think it's done. I don't think there was anything gay about that whole thing. I was like a little demon hanging out. You finally got rid of it. I do believe you're right. There was a danger today that we were going to have Spaz and Stinky in the pool. That was taking a lot to get out of that one. Yeah, all right. Thank you, Joe. Take care. Take care, guys. All right, let's go to Mike. Hey, Mike, you're next on the radio show. What's up? Yeah, listen, I want to start the bidding for that bath water at 500. Yeah, we're going to bottle up the bath water. We got a pair of panties from one of the girls. Awesome, man. I love my sweat. What? That's sweet. Wow, okay, very good. Yeah, keep all this stuff. Well, at least they're clean, I think. We really got to put some of this stuff on eBay. We got to have an eBay auction. That's a smart dancer, by the way, because look at the color of her panties. You can't tell if there's a skid mark. They're brown. Yeah, they're like kind of a brownish, dark, dark burgundy brown thing. Good for the front and the back. Hey, Chuck, put them on. You'll look naked. I am outraged. They look like a G.I. Joe doll. No, I hate it when you're on. I'm on like once every five weeks. All right. Wow. Yeah, the traffic on the Spaz Cam was ridiculous. A lot of people bumming. Joe, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? You got this rule. Cool. I just want to send a big FU out to everybody on the Van Wick that held me up from getting home and watching the Spaz Cam. Yeah. Man, that sucked. I got home yesterday early, all I watched was your head, Oak. Oh, really? I know. We don't want the camera on Aunt and I anymore. We'll do it when we have something fun going on. All right, Joe. Thanks a lot, guys. You guys rule. Thank you. Sedication out. Kevin. Yo. How are you? All right, man. Good. O.K.? Yeah. Hey, listen, man. Instead of lesbian for a day, you can have lesbian baptisms and you can do the whole Moses bit and all. Praise Jesus. Hallelujah. All right, man. Thank you, Kevin. Guys suck, man. All right. Well, it was a huge success, Anthony. Yes. A little bubble bath with Karen. That was good, yeah, because it turned into lesbian for a day. Yeah. Lesbian fantasy for a day. Yes. All right, and we're going to do bit of the week next, finally. Running a little late. We'll do it in a few minutes here. All right. And as we go to commercial, what's up, Rick? We got to thank Big Cam for bringing the pool. Yes. Yeah. Bravo. Thank you. And we'll see you next time. Bye. Bye. Thank you. And he was also holding the spaz cam as he walked around the... Yeah. Your directorial debut. Very, very nice. He had the most important job on the radio show today. He did. Holding the webcam still. And he did a good job. He was moving, kept the action in frame. Good job. Very good. And he also blew up the pool, which was a hell of a job. All right. With that in, we got to take a break. Bit of the week next. And also, another thing we've been doing on the show all day is playing some of the offensive songs that you hear on the ONA show. Yeah, our contest, the most offensive song ever written. Yeah, we'll be playing some more of those. Well, this is a popular one. Oh, you're playing it now? Yeah, from the Steven Lynch catalog, Anthony. Cool. This is Vince McMahon of the WWF. And if you love a good cage match, you're going to love Opie and Anthony on 1027WNEW. The Opie and Anthony Show. The years are just a bunch of guys sweating and perping and farting. Hail to the kings of the radio. 1027WNEW. Wow. Almost done, Anthony. I'm going to go see Lewis Black this weekend, by the way. Oh, yeah. Lewis was in yesterday from Comedy Central's Daily Show. He's back in black. He's playing The Stress Factory in East Brunswick, New Jersey, right? Yes. I highly recommend you go see him. He's got two shows tonight, 830 and 11. And tomorrow night, same thing, 830 and 11. I'm going to get my ass out and finally see him this weekend. Got to. Cool, because I hear nothing but great things about his stand-up act. And he's a friend of the show. By the way, Lewis, if you're listening, hold four. I need four. I might even make a trip down to Paisano this weekend to find him. Wow, look at you making the rounds. Trying, it's about time. Feeling good about the radio show. Got to go out and celebrate a little bit. OK, terrific. All right, this is what we've got left, Ant. We've got to do Bit of the Week here. Yes. And right after Bit of the Week, we're going to play What Do We Learn on the Ophi and Anthony Show today. That could be a good round today. I think people learned a lot today. Yeah, I do believe so. So let's do it, Ant. It was a runaway victory here for Bit of the Week. Dice finally making it back into the studio this week. Yeah, Dice taking a little vacay from the show for a while since he was in here live, I think. Yeah. And oh, geez, he just happened to turn up. And he came back strong this week. Here it is, Bit of the Week on the Ophi and Anthony Show. Ophi and Anthony. There's no level two over you guys want to take to. This is a fun one. Wow. 107WMEW. Being Anthony there in my day, radio was boring all the time. And we like it that way. And tell that dirty Sanchez guy to take a bath. Oh, we had a bath. We had a bath today, right, Anthony? Yes. 107WMEW. It's the O&A show. We're back live. Ah, there it is. Dice Bit of the Week on this fine Friday, March 10, 2000. We have bottled up some of the water from the lesbian bath. How does it smell? Good? Yeah, all soapy, nice. Smells like clean lesbian. Yes. Beautiful. And we're going to hand those bottles of water out at our next road show. You know what we've got to do? We've got to get nice jars. So we can fill up a bunch of jars with that water. Looks all nice, all sealed. And sign them up, have the lesbians maybe even sign it. And then give it out. What a prize that would be. Imagine that up on your mantelpiece at home. We should do that. We'll work on that next week. Right next to the picture of Grandma. Yeah. All right, it's time to play What Did We Learn on the O&A show today? I think it was an educational show. Well, we have so many people checking in from the Instant Feedback Game. Let me read a few of these really fast. Smart Guy from the Island. Today I learned three sets of boobs and a kiddie pole is better than one. Rich from Mount Kisco. Rich from Mount Kisco. What I learned today is that you will drive home from work really, really fast when you know naked women in a pool are on the spaz cam on your computer at home. Today I learned that this is Smart Guy from the Island. Today I learned that any W needs a new server, more bandwidth, and a 30 FPS high resolution webcam. F you, F me, F us all, because God damn we're a bunch of lucky son of bitches. Now let me tell you, we are definitely at the infancy stage of the webcam. Don't worry about it. We're checking it out. I think it's a rousing success. Yes, it was huge today. But we could use a better camera. I have a truth. Ben from Garfield. I've learned that three girls in a pool make for a Woody in your pants the size of the Washington Monument. Pasha from Brooklyn. What I learned on the O&A show today. Recipe for Hot Lesbo Action as prepared by Julia Childs equals one smelly big boobed woman with no sense of smell plus two strippers who can't speak English plus a kiddie pool all mixed in with some marinara. Also, there's nothing more addictive than a catchy tune about raping children. Jesus. The soul of nigga Charlie. No, the soul of nigga Joe checking in from the projects. I learned that Anthony's better than dice. Dan from Jersey. I learned that Spaz is ready to go postal. Yeah, hopefully he'll check in on Monday to see what the hell's going on. He hasn't even called. That's something. I thought he would have called. You know, we'll get to the bottom of it on Monday. I guess so. All right. Let's let's go to the phones and play. What did we learn on the Opie Anthony show today? Let's start with Billy from air sick dot net. Billy. Oh, these areas. Great radio, dude. Hey, what's up? Hey, look, I got a name for the bottle of lesbian water. All right. Tray Gash. Tray Gash. We're going to get fancy labels and stuff, Billy. Oh, that's real party. You like the genie bottles? Yeah, we get like nice bottles, maybe even a little spray top so you could put a little tray gas with you at all times. Walk into it, you know, little spray in your crotch before you go to that important meeting. We're taking this serious. We're going to bottle these the water all nice and we're going to get one of these bottles in the water. We're going to get a little bit of water. Yeah, we're going to get a little bit of water. We're going to get the water all nice and we're going to give them away. By the way, accept no imitations by imposters selling other bottle of water on eBay. Yeah, we got the original here in the studio. Have a great weekend, guys. All right, Billy. Bye. Bye. Let's see. The phones are not. There we go. Hey, Jim, what's going on? What did you learn on the show today? What? Yeah, what's up? I learned that you guys rule the airwaves of the whole world, little one New York. Oh, look at that. And I got to f you guys because today at school I was humming Baby Raper and almost got it friggin suspended. Yeah, that song is going to be hummed by a lot of people this weekend. Humming is one thing when you're singing the words like in the supermarket. If you're there in produce wheeling your little cart and you're like, baby, I'm a baby. And then I get to the line, the sweetest cherries at the Disney store. All right, man. Hey, guys, can you play it one more time? It's going to be the weekend now. Oh, no, I think we have a tendency of playing our bits to death. You can put them on the website. Yeah, yeah, they should be up, right, Steve? Steve from the unofficial OP Anthony website here in the studio today documenting the lesbian bath. Oh, yes. Ryan from Westchester. Over and out, Diamond Dust. And the Wrangler. Thank you. Ryan from Westchester. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. God spazzes like a snake. And the Wrangler. And the Wrangler. Thank you. Ryan from Westchester. God spazzes like Gilligan. He screws up big time, runs away, and has all the castaways looking for him all over the island. Spazz, spazz, little buddy. There it is, like a Gilligan. Kevin, Kevin, what did you learn on the show today? I learned today that I got to kill my wife and I divorced, she took the computer and I missed the whole episode today. You weren't one of the lucky ones that was able to get into the webcam. No, actually I was driving around doing estimates all day for my landscape company and listening to you guys all day peeing in my pants, man. It was hilarious. You didn't learn something from an early European Anthony show. Yes, I did. I actually called up and said, F you to her and I went on the air. You guys let me say that to her in the air. But if you have your computer over her house, you have to break through the back door and take it. She's living out of parents now. She left me home with our house in Montve, New Jersey and now I'm living at home by myself. So you have to send some of those words over too. Thank you. Peace out guys, man. Great show. Peace out. Later. Peace out. Tony, on the instant feedback from Jersey, I learned that I need to get me some lesbians in my bathtub. And let's go to line 8. Spaz? Hey Spaz, what's up? How you doing, guys? I'm really sorry, guys. Me and you, Spaz. Rick just really upset me and I had to run out. I send my sincerest apologies to you. Will you forgive me? Please forgive me. That's pretty good, Spaz. A fake Spaz online. Who's this? You've got to give your real name. We want to give you credit, pal. Oh, it's Joe, man. Joe, good job. That's a good fake Spaz. Have a great weekend. syndication out, guys. All right, man. She's shaking easy. That was good, man. I think we've done it all today, Anthony. We should step aside. Got to thank Rick for pulling this out for us today. Wow, Spaz. Is this true? Spaz was spotted down the LIE with Al Cowlings and a white Bronco? Is that true? I got Spaz in the back. No, it's Spaz, I swear. I got him in the back. He's got a gun. Want to thank Steve from the unofficial Opium Anthony website. We're documenting the whole damn thing. Steve, how long is this going to take before you get some of this up for the people that weren't lucky to get on the webcam? By tomorrow I should have some clips up. Oh, look at that, Anthony. Look at that. Call 911. Call 911. I want to thank you, Anthony. You want to give a plug for your place today? I'm feeling in a good mood. Go ahead. You're in a good mood today? Plug away. Call me for your problems. All right, very good. How are they going to call you? What, to use your limo services as a date? 516-756-1663. All right, and I think there's a link on the unofficial website. Let's take one more. What did we learn? Sal, what's up? Yo, what's going on, fellas? How are you, Sal? All right. Yo, today I learned that I'm going to be a pro. Yo, today I learned warm water, cool spasticity, cool water. Yes. That was physics professor spaz before his outburst. Yeah, very good. Good job, Sal. All right, bro. Later. With that, we got to get the hell out of here. Yeah. We'll see some of you guys at the Lewis Black Show this weekend. Cool man. Stress Factory East Brunswick. Two shows tonight, 8.30 and 11. And tomorrow, 8.30 and 11. All right? Rock, what a week. What a week. Thank you, thank you, thank you for listening. We definitely appreciate you guys. You know that by now. And have a great weekend. We'll see you all Monday at 2, right? Mm-hmm. All right, man. Come and listen to a story about O and A. They say they like women, but they sound sort of gay. When you hear more of a guest named Jay, pull out the hog, get ready to spray. Hawaii, that is. The Virgin Islands. Wham. Out of control is what the boss used to say. Now they got a new boss that lets them play. What's in my pocket? I'm going to get a new boss. I'm going to get a new boss. I'm going to get a new boss. I'm going to get a new boss. I'm going to get a new boss. I'm going to get a new boss. I'm going to get a new boss. The Virgin Islands. Wham. Out of control is what the boss used to say. Now they got a new boss that lets them play. What's in my pants could be the game today. Mohawk Triangle Hitler's face. Now it's time to say goodbye to O and A and friends. They would like to thank you folks for kindly calling in. You're all invited back tomorrow, 2 to 7 p.m. You never know what bonus show could possibly extend. The Virgin Islands. Wham. Out of control is what the boss used to say. Now they got a new boss that lets them play. What's in my pants could be the game today. Mohawk Triangle Hitler's face. Now it's time to say goodbye to O and A and friends. They would like to thank you folks for kindly calling in. You're all invited back tomorrow, 2 to 7 p.m. You never know what bonus show could possibly extend.