 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York David Bowie Ziggy Stardust it's Opie and Anthony good afternoon Hey, we are ready to rock and roll once again today Is it raining yet? Let me look what happened to our weather today. Well, it was a perfect spring day and now Looks like it's gonna be a nasty drive home tonight. Yeah, it was pretty nice earlier mid-50s Opie Spring around the corner you can just feel it. Thank you. We got off so easy this year I think we'll get dumped with one more. I think we'll get one more blast Yeah, don't don't think we're totally off the hook. You know those March blizzards or something kind of like Monica getting one more blast before yeah, no Clinton left Great sake I'll bite. Thank you. I can't wait till this is over I cannot wait till this is over. Well, I guess you got to watch, you know, it's annoying the hell out of me though Again, the view this morning the view Barbara Walters there all of her little kiss-ass cronies star Jones and the other one and Joy Bay are they're all just lapping her butt about this and Monica interview and she's all oh Please please don't Don't I don't want to hype this don't want to hype it You've been hyping it on every single so the view has been one big month-long infomercial for this interview Yeah, and she's hyping it. Mm-hmm and and oh it's getting like who cares so they showed a clip finally this morning So I get to say finally she speaks they prettied her up. They gussied her up pretty good Yeah, if you're into a little bit of a chick, you know with the little baby got back You know She's not too bad her face kind of pretty where they make you made her up. Yeah, she um Quite frankly as the whitest teeth I've ever come across She does she has wonderful teeth Um Yeah, yeah, sorry so she's all gussied up and then I don't know It's very distracting to watch her talk because all you're watching are her lips Yeah, her lips the way they're moving around the teeth and and she's got the red lipstick on and she does something weird She's got like one of those little those little twisty mouth moves that she does You know how like Alicia Silverstone has like that little mouth thing. She does. Yes, so she's got her own little mouth thing So you just watching one? Yeah Yeah, you're a dirty girl. She said that too in the clip. What'd she say? She's they play the clip of Bill Clinton saying I did indeed have sex with Monica Blah blah blah as Monica's watching with Barbara gone, please cry cry you bitch You know, she's just hoping she cries. I well, I'm sure she cries at least once or twice during these two hours So she's watching that clip and then Barbara goes Monica. How did you feel? When he said that she goes I felt used I felt like a dirty girl Yeah, you know why you felt like that Monica cuz you are a dirty girl. You're a dirty little twisty mouth girl Yeah, you use those lips. Don't you you're dirty Filthy little girl with your cigar Yeah, you're a humidor crotch aren't you? Yes, you are And I would do they address that issue. No Barbara tiptoe around the cigar issue I think she did tiptoe around the cigar issue and she says how she talks about the dress in this and why her mother hadn't But it's all stuff she makes it sound like she is billing this as the interview of the century Mm-hmm. Yes century not gonna find out much new information tonight No, pretty much everything Monica says tonight has been said I guess the interview of Jonas Salk and his cure for polio Wasn't that important? This is the interview of the century of the century, you know any interview with A Truman maybe on his decision to drop an atomic bomb Dad nothing nothing compared to Monica. This chick gave a prez the Hummer. Yeah, it's just it's all hype It's all bull and I don't think we're gonna see or hear anything new. This has been hashed a thousand times Well, I think later on in the show we're gonna have a little insight into Other people interviewing Monica Anthony. Oh, yes, I would have loved to seen I don't know Andrew Dice Clay interview right Monica. Yeah, or maybe Tom Brokaw Good good or maybe William Shatner interviewing Monica Lewinsky. I wonder if we could get any kind of clips of that Well, I think we we got some available and we're gonna play those throughout the show go figure maybe Yoshi maybe Yoshi How would that sound if Yoshi was interviewing Monica Lewinsky? How would I know? Oh, well if you stick around we're gonna let people know how that would sound. Hmm. All right Okay, okay also on the way because we're just gonna get it out of the way early today The Reverend Al song is minutes away. He's been arrested. Yeah, I heard yes He's a demonstrating down on Wall Street. Mm-hmm, and he has been arrested He even said he was gonna get arrested he went down with the purpose of getting arrested for his little sit-in is it It's true that they were doing a sit-in. Yeah, he didn't leave much space for his protesters And big Reverend Al has a Crater mark on the sidewalk So we'll get the Reverend Al song out of the way, yeah also on the way we got Judas Priest some Kansas Eve six One oh two seven W any W the Rock of New York with the Allman Brothers midnight writer. Those guys will be at the beacon Pretty much for the entire Month of March, you know, look at all those dates and incredible like 20 dates There's a there's still tickets available for a lot of the shows if you're still interested in going to see the almonds at the beacon theater Yeah, I'll be there tomorrow night. I never miss the Allman Brothers when they come to town. Oh, no Oh, no, there's a necessity Sophie and Anthony. Hello. All right. Well tonight's a big a big night for Barbara Walters I know a lot of people are sick of hearing about Monica. Trust me. So are we yeah, but We think that Monica picked the wrong person to interview her. Yeah, what do we want the cushy little Barbara Walters interview? She's been kissing her ass on the view too saying that uh, she's such a sweet girl And you know, she's a victim and all that all that happy horse crap You think Barbara's gonna ask Monica if you were a tree what kind of tree would you be? I'll still do the same thing She doesn't all the interviews get her to cry a couple of them and what is the over-under for crying tonight? Oh my god, forget about it first five minutes I'm thinking Monica cries four different times in two hours four times in two hours First one being within the first five minutes within the first five. Yeah. All right, you know, and honestly, I think it's gonna be pretty boring TV tonight. Yeah, you know exactly what to expect when Barbara Walters interviews someone of high profile Status like Monica Lewinsky right? No surprises. No surprises and we have come up with a list of people we wish Would have interviewed Monica. Yeah, we have a couple of people in mind. Sure. It would have made that much more riveting TV Yes, for example Anthony Andrew Dice Clay now that would be an interview Could you imagine if Andrew Dice Clay interviewed Monica tonight instead of Barbara Walters? I watched that I'm just trying to think what that would sound like Alright, I'd like to welcome this whale to my show, huh? And you know, you're a whale cuz I could see your blowhole. Yay So you're sucking Clinton's right? Does he blow his On that chubby face of yours, but does he pull out and all over your big time? Come on answer the question answer the question you whore answer the question Question look look now she's gonna cry get up Barbara Walters You're gonna cry. Yeah, you'll look at her a little bit answer the question. What's your mouth full? You're fucking whore. Look at his big. I don't want you on my show Now two hours of that I was I would lie I was gonna watch that without a doubt You know, that's an in-depth interview a probing interview by the Dice man and we have a list of other people Yeah, that's that's dice interviewing Monica. Uh-huh, but there's others Sure, when you sit at home tonight Anthony and and enjoy maybe Yoshi interviewing Monica just fumbling over the language would be fun I think I mean Yoshi. What would that sound like interviewing Monica? Monica Ruinsky you are very dishonored Did you write a Clinton play and I want to know did he poke you? That too I would like that would be riveting TV I would tune into the Yoshi interview Yeah, of course. I was instead we're stuck with Barbara Walters tonight. Yeah, do we have another one? How about I don't know Tom Brokaw? Well, if you want to stick with the news-oriented person Maybe you don't want to go out on a limb with dice or something. Yeah, maybe dice is a little harsh Tom Brokaw, Mr. Marblemouth himself. I would watch that maybe so you'd sit home and listen that right? Yeah No, I wonder what that would sound like Tom Brokaw embassy nightly news where here was Monica Monica Monica we're here with Monica We'll be right back after these words I Just trying stumbling over her name. I would watch that I'd watch that compelling Captivating television, unfortunately, he would only get one question out. Yeah, I know enjoyable anything with an elf It would definitely you know spice up the interview of course, but we're stuck with Babs. Yeah, we got Babs tonight I think we have a list of others. Yeah. Yeah a couple more like maybe William Shatner What would that sound like I would love that, you know? All right Maybe later. Yeah later. We'll have a couple more. Yeah later. We'll explore that some other options One oh two seven WNEW the rock of New York the latest from Tom Petty That's the song free girl now off his CD echo and that will be in stores April 13th. Good afternoon. It's Opie and Anthony. Thank you. Well You know how I think Fox is probably the the best network on TV these days Well as far as their sensational programming goes, you know Well, I like their their video shows with the cops chasing people and caught on tape. Yeah, and yeah all that stuff Yeah, now we have known to love you. They're very sensational over there. Well, I think Fox has dropped down a couple notches on my On my list here. You didn't like the hidden secrets of the Egyptian tombs, but let's face it That was pathetic You didn't like Indiana Povich no absolutely pathetic last night we're going down into the Queen's Chamber I hope there aren't any asps down here. I hate snakes Come on, Indiana Povich. Did you see that guy with him? Yeah, I saw him He had the Indiana Jones hat on and and the jacket Yeah, and he's squeaking through it seems set up to me. Of course it was set up I saw the last hour and a half. Yeah, and remember, you know the scene where they finally let Maury go down into that little tunnel Yeah, lower me down. Oh, and he's just bitching the whole way down. Yeah. Well, it's getting very skinny down here Oh, oh watch it up with that cheesy camera. Yeah, so they get down and they got out what? What's the term they use a sarcophagus? That's right a sarcophagus. Look we have found a sarcophagus Indy Indiana Povich look at what we found. So how convenient that the damn thing, you know just opened up right there It opened up like one of those transformer toys. Yeah. Yeah, I think like or this Sarcophagus has not been touched for five thousand years. Yeah. All right. Let's start with destroying it Like they're pulling the side open and it just fell right open fell open Conveniently right where the camera angle was and there you saw a mummy Yeah, a mummy that's been lying there for what 4600 years It's a mummy and and the guy is saying this one obviously from the first Kingdom for 4,500 years a thousand years ago. It's like wait a minute. How do you know? How do you know you've only been looking at it for five seconds? How do I know he's even an archaeologist? He's there with that stupid paintbrush brushing everything and his Indiana Jones hat and he was he goes up to this little pile of sand Next to the sarcophagus and he starts brushing the pile of sand. Yeah, he goes It pulls out this pot and it's like Even know the brush there It was so set up they buried it over and he's like Yeah, they think they couldn't take the chance that they would have the whole al Capone thing happen again No, so they had to make sure that there was gonna be some kind of payoff This could be the oldest mummy ever found in its original resting place that was like their big find Yeah, and then they had the the chick that went down into the Queen's chamber the check Yeah, I think that lesbian enjoyed going down in the Queen's chamber. We're going to squeeze into the Queen's hold Right here to tight fit. Yes. Yeah, I like that. She was enjoying that She's just desecrating a grave site at one point In the grave Hundred years and she's trotting upon it. Yeah, but I just like Maury walking in the sphincter I mean the snakes the secrets of the sphincter Where's short round and it was it was just a waste of time the artifacts they found they found a couple beer mugs Yeah, that's what it was ancient beer mugs that they had. Yeah, it was pretty sad. Hi any W Hey, I wanted to tell you, you know last night when they were brushing away those pots. Yeah The the tour guide guy he goes those for the afterlife their beer mugs Yeah, and povich is just like and that's how I wish the afterlife was He was wishing he had beer for that show Realizing it was going nowhere. It's going nowhere fast. They had all that stuff about Mars how we're Martians Yeah, yeah, we could be from Mars That's it. There's faces on Mars. There's something that looks exactly like the sphincter on Mars Look at the face It was ridiculous. All right, man Thanks, but it wasn't as exciting as Indiana Jones. There were no Nazis in it No, no chases no explosions that would have been cool if like they started shooting arrows at Maury as he's going down into the tunnel Yeah, like all right. I have to spell out Connie on the floor if I don't walk on the letters that spell Connie it all collapses Oh, no in ancient China Connie spell with a K Look out to the other party I got my way Hi, any W. Yeah. Hi, what's up? Yeah, I was wondering if you guys saw last night when they went into that new room And there was a camera already in the new room Egyptian camera yeah, you picked you picked up on that, huh? Yeah Get into that new room with the camera already in that room. Yeah the Egyptian magician or whatever you want to call that guy Yeah, he's like no one has been been behind this wall in 4200 years and they show him sliding into the room and the cameras already Look how technologically advanced they want they had video cameras. I'm so glad you picked up on that You guys are great Thank you, man. Okay, right and Unfortunately yesterday we predicted that More he was gonna find Connie's ovaries Yeah, one of the terms and it mummified mummified and it that didn't come to pass. I bet he was disappointed you think yeah Alright, Indiana Povich uncovers nothing. It was just a waste. Yeah, you know a mummy, but that would make a great video game I was thinking yeah every time they were walking through these little tunnels. I'm just thinking that's a good half-life level I could play on that level Like they went into the last tomb that they went in where there was kind of a moat around it and it had some water They had a pump water out of it wasn't that the the king of the underworld is here's the king of the underwater world I don't know what the hell it was. I think it's another hole. It was probably done in Hollywood the whole thing Knows but I'm standing in front of a blue screen a pyramid. Yeah, it's a pyramid But I'm just thinking yeah, I make a great level I could hide back there with the crossbow. I Don't know I would have liked if a big rock was released big round a boulder running after Yeah, Maury, and he had to like run away and catch up to hang on the wing of a biplane as he's Trying to flee Belloc who just got the good I'll get you Belloc Dr. Povich what was once yours is again mine I Machete wielding guy after him and then the dyke at the end of the show starts like crying She thought is the most incredible thing she's ever been through. I was very touching. I think she's been in many chambers Yeah, something about the pyramid shape reminded her of something. I think upside down bushy All right, it's a stretch Wow, geez, all right. She's used to going into Mobile communication store or call 1-800-255 Bell a cell phone is only as good as the network It's on choose Bell Atlantic mobile new activation and annual agreement required early termination fee certain other charges and restrictions apply Wow, we're taking a lot of heat over our Maury Commentary a couple of people thought it was very educational the show's education was boring as hell. They didn't find anything Yeah, it wasn't like Indiana Jones Nazis we wanted to see like pygmies chasing Maury with blow darts I Wanted to Get another one I'm getting woozy Keep running keep running Indiana and I saw a label on the bottom of that pot of the pottery that the Egyptian magician that dug out of the sand man Did you see a label on the bottom? Yeah, here one or something Is that fear one important something like that? Come on Yeah, he was the same one like he just kept taking from same of the chairman All right, would we off the air very it again. I have my trusty Archaeology paintbrush That's all the tools he needed was a paintbrush a brush and did you see at one point? He gave Maury the paintbrush to brush off the mummy. Yeah, he's like, I don't want to touch it with my hand He goes here who's this and then Maury drops the paintbrush the handle hits the mummy So he picks it up. So now by proxy he's touching the mummy and then he just kind of Just like get this half-hearted little brush. No, it proves that they they already saw those sites You're going down in this tunnel for the first time and you want to open up some type of what's the word again? sarcophagus sarcophagus sarcophagus right and what what tool does he bring a Paint brush not a hammer or crowbar or some kind of mallet They were hinged the things just opened right up opened right up for the camera and he's reading these hieroglyphics on there Who knows if he's telling it see this is the king and he was buried here Looks like a rock hit it made a mark How do we know who knows? All right, let's rock for a while John the okay keep calling if you got something good for the show One oh two seven W any W the rock of New York Pearl Jam live this time around doctor from live on two legs It's open Anthony the post is hysterical. What do you mean? The post is hysterical? Well, of course, they have the picture of Barbara and Monica and it says from the nation's most famous lips There's a best with their headlines they're keeping it real there they're best with their head lines Wacky horn I Heard a stupid Monica joke today. Did you and one that you haven't heard before honestly? Yeah I gotta give Deb credit for this one. Oh friend of mine Yeah, she thought she goes I got a Monica Joe for him like Tim I do a radio show and every day four hours a day We've heard every joke man. I guess I haven't heard this one. Here Monica is Suing her plastic surgeon. Why well she went in there to get her Love handles removed. Yeah, and she left the doctor's office and she had no ears I See you hold bones Like all right, I'll give it to you it's pretty good You know, I haven't heard that one. Well, we got Roger in the studio Hey look at that from the emotions. He hates coming on our show. Yeah, cuz we make fun of how he talks No, we don't We've never made fun of Roger What's new? So, what do you have to announce see he's sweating because he knows he has to he has to do this for us Well, I think everybody knows tonight We're doing a benefit for the family of officer Matthews or Gowski who was killed in the line of duty last week We're gonna have John Stewart our own sue Kalinsky will be hosting Louis black Bob Nelson Jr. Haviland and Paul Michael there from the Daily Show with John Stewart the Daily Show very funny guys David tell and Mitch Patel and that's tonight at Caroline's at 930 All the money from the tickets goes directly to the family and that's being routed through survivors of the shield And if you want tickets, you can call Caroline's at two one two seven five seven forty one hundred What a novel idea in New York supporting the police. Isn't that amazing? I'm surprised my goodness Yeah, how about that police gets killed and where's the outrage there? No outrage whatsoever. You won't you won't say anything But alright, it's a great cause and they can use the help tonight ticket sales are pretty good But you know, you'll have a chance to walk up and purchase tickets tonight. So absolutely so help us and support us All right, great. Thank you. Thank you Roger. You're not you're not getting where they cause you're not getting any limos for the guys No, not tonight. No limos for John's and the goo-goos won't be showing up. No, that's Sunday That's all weekend long with the Rolling Stones the Rolling Stones. You should have got Gary Howey To open up the show Well, I'm just thinking it would probably would have been a better benefit if you had Gary Howey as long as the money's going to Me, that's fine. You can have Gary Howey the goo-goo dolls and I'll pick everybody up in a limo We gotta mention of course he's where were you born Jersey and he came was raised down south No, I born and raised in Jersey. I lived in Atlanta for one year. Well, that must have put the tinge on it Yeah, they screwed you up in Atlanta something happened. It's like some kind of mutated accent I don't know what I've heard of any other person coming out of Jersey. That sounds quite like you Roger now So I have a friend that left a message yesterday on my phone machine She says that there is nobody who sounds more like a New Yorker than I do and why I don't know You got a wacky little accent, I don't think New Yorkers Jersey in there without a doubt, but there's something else going on in there. I know can't figure out Yeah, no one's like, you know, how how how we in New York All right, well we'll let him off the hook. Thanks Roger. You're welcome. Everyone go down to Carol. It's a definitely It's a great cause. All right I'm a all right We got to get a couple things out of the way here still getting a ton of people sending out instant feedback about Sables naked pictures from Playboy Yeah, yeah for some reason people just can't get this address, right? If you want to see the pictures of Sable naked Before it hits newsstands, which is next week Sable from WWF the website once again, you need to be a good speller Okay, it's www. latest wrestling news all one word no spaces latest wrestling news dot-com Here's the complicated part backslash pwp Just think Pusky whipped Pusky Popeye wants Pusky. There you go. So it's latest wrestling news dot-com backslash Popeye wants Pusky now people are gonna write that in Pwp pwp latest wrestling news dot-com backslash pwp. What's wrong? I think they may have pulled it for legal reasons. You might want to check that address real quick See they got us Yeah, they finally got us. Well, that's fine We still had a few thousand of our listeners took out the pictures for free. Yeah Playboy screwing us over We had an interview booked with Sable and then we were told we're not allowed to do it because King Howard Said no one else is allowed to interview Sable before he does. Yeah Yeah, that sounds like something he would have bitched about years ago, right I believe yeah Who I don't know what the big deal is because he also said we have three we have three listeners So three listeners Robin Do they really pull the pics I don't want my imitators getting my guests Robin All right, well we'll check the website make sure it's still there If it's not that's too bad you should have seen them yesterday should have learned how to spell wrestling I'm writing wrestling res All right more stupidity on the way guaranteed 1027 WNEW the Iraq of New York Metallica whiskey in the jar from garage. Inc You're hanging with Ophi and Anthony and I guess everyone is talking about the the big interview tonight Anthony who cares? Exactly We're having a little fun with it. Yeah earlier in the show We we were discussing the fact that Monica picked the wrong person interview her Barbara Walters It's gonna be a fluff piece bar Walters gonna ask stupid questions about if you were a tree What type of tree would you be she was trying to get her to? She's on the view this morning saying, you know, if we're having people come in because we need a new another host You know, they fired Debbie. Yeah, and they were pitching her for the job Monica if you want to come in and host the show. Yeah, just kissing her ass Knowing it would just be a ratings boom, of course, and then they would get rid of her She's gonna be yesterday's news just like Donna Rice and the rest of the host. Remember that? Yeah The other ones that helped certain politicians trip over their own schween on the way to the White House, right? Yeah, there you go. So we thought that That You know, there are there are other people that should have interviewed Monica and it would have made for much more Riveting TV Anthony because there's no surprises with Barbara Walters You're not gonna get anything that you're not expecting But there's a few people that I think could have interviewed Monica and we would have gotten some surprises some fun Yeah earlier we thought you know a good interview with Monica would have been dice dice We're gonna write interviewer. He would have got to the The questions everyone wants to know the answer still. Yes. Who else do we have earlier Tom Brokaw? Yeah, another fine journalist stumbling over trying to say the L in Lewinsky and then our favorite Yoshi Yes that I would want I would sit for two hours and watch Yoshi interview Monica Lewinsky. Mm-hmm Well, we've come up with a few more I guess Anthony Oh, no No, instead of Barbara Walters interviewing Monica. Mm-hmm. What would it sound like if I don't know? Popeye. Ah, well Popeye very popular cartoon character. What would that sound like if Popeye? interviewed Monica Monica Lewinsky's so you reminds me of a sea hag Can you blow smoke rings with your busky? Let's try get with me pipe Takes the big puffs with that fat busky You Sit home and listen to that of course with questions like those are the questions I want to hear of course Who else do we think of that wouldn't be a good interviewer for Monica, let's say How about Howard Howard? Yeah, Howard Stern, of course interviews a lot of people I think that would be interesting to watch he would have a different angle on the whole thing I believe yes a little different than Barbara's so Howard Stern interviewing Monica. What would that sound like? Hey, honey, look at you, huh? I would do you That can't you Robin right Jackie, huh? Hey, you're hot Hey take off that top honey, let's see those can Watch that that would be a lot of fun. I don't know if I can handle that for two hours Maybe for five or six minutes. Sure, you know something a little different funny You can probably catch that type interview every Saturday night But yeah, I would tune in yeah more so than Barbara I would have to check that out who else would be good to interview On Monica Lewinsky Well, who else could you think of it and uh Captain Kirk? William Shatner William Shatner. Why not? I wonder what that would sound like William Shatner interviewing Monica Lewinsky Monica you're a Beautiful woman so full and Sanctuous I'm wondering is your oral technique more like that of the oneself creatures of the den of a colony That latch on to their prey sucking and sucking till they're lifeless and live or more like the salt sucking monsters of Kamas to answer You've got an ass like Goora and your mouth looks like the doomsday machine Destroyed the USS Constellation and killed Commodore Decker and inviting I Would tune into that too, I believe I would do it sure be there in a second Wow, okay Fascinating. Let's see. Who else can we think of? I think we need more time here. Yeah, maybe maybe quirky Steinbrenner I don't know quirky good Anyone else come to mind that maybe would be a good interviewer for Monica maybe Reverend al Reverend al might be good. Well stick around me. We got some tape of that as well. All right The rag of New York 1027 WNW that slide from the goo-goo dolls. It's opiate Anthony bag and Charles Manson's in the paper again. Oh really? This is this great. He's taking part in a college class What? Charles Manson serving life in prison for one of the most infamous mass murders in American history will defend himself at a new trial this fall Unfortunately for Manson the trial will be of the mock variety part of a course on the American jury system taught at Newman University In Wichita, Kansas, but that hasn't discouraged Manson from taking the stand in his own defense Something he didn't do at his trial Are you kidding? Not kidding. How would they do this? Like Let him out so he could go to this thing. No, I'm sure they're gonna just set it all up in in the prison Does anyone realize this guy's just a stark raving lunatic? He's not even coherent when he talks. No, no what I find funny every what three or four years You know Manson comes up for parole. Oh, yeah Yeah, you know the papers and everything Manson up for parole for parole He's got the parole board and they they walk him in they they show the footage on TV every three or four years Just a wasted time. He's got a swastika in the middle of his head and yeah like one year It's gonna be any different. Yeah. No, he plops his ass down and they say hey, Mr. Manson How do you feel do you want to get out of prison? I am out. I'm on outside. See you're you're on the inside And you can't sit and judge him to me being on the inside I'm on outside because within me in my mind is the outside world But you're not a part of that world see I am the person in charge of my world on the inside out Not outside in Our all right, Charlie. I'll see you in four years. All right. I think that's good. We have enough Sure, we'll consider this. Thank you. Thank you. You can't thank me unless The With me that's my language of the words on the inside Like why all right Charles. No, that's enough. That's quite enough. We got enough to go by here. Thank you No, maybe three years. You'll come in and be like, I'm very sorry For something it turned out I had a splinter and I'm reacting to like no, it's just gonna be a nut forever They just thought I'll leave them. But there's always that scare in everyone's mind when you read the papers Oh my god, he's up for parole again. It's like don't worry about it. Don't worry This guy's not gonna be working next to you anytime soon. No, how you doing? Hey We have a fax here from Chris not many faxes coming in today to 1 2 9 5 7 W any w Opie Anthony, I'm a new listener and for the first time my girlfriend listened to the show yesterday Oh, I walked in and never even got my jacket off. She gave me a hummer right in the hallway Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Keep up the good work Congratulations a couple and another couple people joining the two-night Hummer Club newly inducted members. Well, can you play the scorpions? Yeah, we can do that. All right, very cool What else we got going on Hmm. What? We'll be be rocking on yeah, we can rock it We could do that. I'm pissed at the Knicks. Oh Are you watching basketball? I mean no, no, I'm not watching basketball I said I was boycotting the season and what are you pissed off about? Well, did you see you like game yesterday? No, I wasn't even aware I know they're playing every day Patrick Ewing last shot of the game. He choked didn't Know it sucks. I hate Patrick Ewing get rid of Ewing Get ten years Get rid of them. You're not supposed to be watching It just happened to be on listen, man. Simple as this. I was watching the Maury fiasco in Fox, right? It was a commercial. I was just flipping around real fast and I just happened to come across the Nick game All right This sounds a lot like the people that hate our show Yeah, like I don't I don't listen you guys but I just happen to be You know flipping around the dial because my favorite station was in commercials and I just happen to hear you guys do that Yoshi bit I was offended I forgot you were rally around the channels. So that's it you you have to you don't watch commercials No, it's part of popular culture. I mean, you know, you should be aware of some of these silly commercials There's not a lot of silly commercial. No, there are believe me guy inducted guy into Hummer Club This is gonna be a problem. Yeah, this gotta be a good hi any W. Yeah. Hi. I wanted to speak up. Yeah Okay next All right, we can play around the phone roulette Hi any W. What any W? Hey, who's this? Oh be an Anthony? Yeah. What's up? Hey man? How's it going? Listen, we're from I Kevin Martin radio station recorded and you know, you're interned Yeah, right Kevin Martin, yeah, wait, I can't hear you guys Hi any W. Hello. Yes. This is dr. Zaheed. I am making many discoveries more. Are you there? It's dr. Zaheed I am making many discoveries Right now we are about to open another tomb. Yes your wife honey We are going in my workers have removed her pants and we are about to go inside her lost womb Wow, that's pretty dusty and dank in there. Oh my word. Let me hold on I have to take off my Indiana Jones hat and jacket. We're going in. Oh, oh my be careful. It's dangerous I've been there. Oh my it's very tight and cramped space here. Oh, I'm it loosens up as you go in believe me I hope you got a gas mask on very tight. Oh, I'm making my way in and oh, it's very hot in here My job for rolling boulders It's very bad. It's a very bad in place. I see hardly any artifacts Hey, you see any ovaries in there? I am looking around That he didn't have enough light yes indeed Oh, oh it looks like I found an ancient tool several months old It appears to be a condom Yes, maybe from I figured the Trojan era Look at this inscription. What does it say? Let me read here Tom Brokaw was here A very fascinating discovery Of the pharaoh making so many discoveries here tonight What a morning I see two tunnels two more tunnels. I am going to make my way through Hold on. Let me clear some of this debris with my paintbrush here Making my way into the tunnel. Oh, it's the treasure room But there's nothing here Hasn't been for years not not even tiny containers to hold the beer My word. Oh, oh my god, Mori Mori. There seems to be toxic gas. Oh my god. It's a booby trap I know the feeling believe me Joke last night That was funny at one point the Egyptian guy goes up. We're going not touch the mummy Yeah, he just you might get cursed Yeah, and then at the end of the show is like well, we sent the mummy off to be examined So much for curses what happened what a wasted time last night. Hey is the Egyptian magician still on the phone? Oh He's been overcome by Connie Chung's gases 1027 W any W the Rock of New York only a fool from the black crow CD by your side is the name of the CD I think you know that by now. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey Let me see that what? What do you got? the spanky The spanky well this was in Max of magazine our second favorite magazine Details is now our favorite magazine. I hope marks listening And they had We're gonna talk to this guy No, I'll talk to him in a little while I guess and did you get your spanky here? Give me another spanky. Let me see this. What is the spanky? Get the full story no hanky panky. We invented the spanky. I'm opening up a box. It's about the little bigger than a condom box and inside is a No, what this is it looks like a sock with the heel missing Kids sock looks like a kid sock with the heel missing alright, and I Guess the concept is that you put this over your unit When you want to masturbate This guy has no doll a spanking hanky yes, thank you. Yes for cleanliness, huh, so so you can Was there a need for this? There's such an outcry that guys Chad's from Vancouver Chad and figures Canadians. Hey, you need your spanky Hey, don't go out without your spanky you be a hoser Purely device to unload Hope he just spit his water out on the board Well better than that, oh come on I didn't say anything That doesn't feel bad at all using it now now Do people throw these in the washing machine after they're done or Yeah, actually, they're completely washable We actually sell a little you know you can buy just a spanky a lot of people buy it obviously as a gag gift You know, it's great to send to you know Somebody at work to kind of bust on him or your congressmen or obviously politicians these days are pretty uh, right targets Right, we should send some to Clinton Oh That's wacky zanerrific. Sorry is better. Why can you actually? We sell a wash bag that you can put the spankies in and throw it in the laundry So kind of discreetly you're not gonna you know have one fall out in the floor in the laundry Well, that would be embarrassing at the laundromat exactly. Yeah, then these things don't shrink up in the wash Do they well if you fired them in the dryer for long enough? They probably would but you know, we we kind of say one size fits most Yeah, yeah, man. Any complaints that you know Hey, I don't fit in a spanky We did so we created the giant spanky which is about two feet long and a foot across So we think that should pretty much cover the base. Yes. We saw that spanking We try to give it to a black Earl one of the guys that works on our show He laughed at the size of the spanking. Yeah, he said the regular spanking would not fit over his unit And the giant spanking I like the spanky is also come in the frat pack I Vibing up any stag birthday or keg or office party with 24 spankies Exactly. Well, yeah, I mean, you know, you got the obviously a fraternity guys or you got a big stag party, you know, they Perfect gift perfect gift just seem all sitting around using their spanking Well, I'm amazed. I don't even like using handkerchiefs like a hanky You know you blow people blow their nose in a hanky and put it in their pocket and then later on wash it You're just thinking of of snot with your clothes now think about it You know, you have your spanking in the washing machine with your shirts and maybe mom's Stuff if you're a kid, you know, isn't that a little weird? People I mean people have their you know sheets They throw in the laundry and a lot of stuff goes on in those two. Yeah, that's true All right, the phones are lit with people that want to talk about the spanky Hold on a second Hi, any W any W He's he's busy I Know why all right. Well, Ed we can't get him on the line with you. We're trying to conference you but They haven't decided to fix our phones in here. So Ed yep. All right, give a number out where people could order a spanky they can call First part the best place to look on the web if they have internet access It's WWW spanking and spelled SP a and KIE like hanky right dot com Okay, they can also call eight seven seven spanking eight seven seven SP a and KIE Or they can call triple eight you yank it We got those numbers here. Well, you know if you if you're doing radio stuff, you ought to have some humorous spanking stories You know have some people send you there the the fun they've had with their spankies You know that way you could do you could tell them over the air You're exactly right. It's not something that a lot of people are you know Volunteering too many stories so far but uh, cuz you kind of sound like you've been spanking it a lot today Energy You know for 45 minutes, man, I kind of couldn't keep it keep it hard that long It's a busy show but Ed thanks for a few minutes with us. All right, I appreciate it guys. I'm in thanks There he goes that that was real exciting and his spanky. We got five spankies to give away. What the hell? I think we're giving oh, it's a spanking giveaway. Well, we'll give out some spankies here to the first five callers at 212 27 we'll even autograph them or something something to do it great We'll put some Our own personal DNA that would be a wonderful gift for someone out there the house How's our intern doing No white smoke from our intern who's using the spanky upstairs we'll get his opinion on the spanky Hi any W Hey Johnny, what's up? Did they give out an assortment of hand wigs with that? My god Hi any W any W I did spanky and I love the spanky Buckley says the spanky is okay This is what we love the spanky and we do it at the E-Man woman hater club All right, man, unfortunately your phone is your phone sucks, but your material is pretty good Hi any W. Hello there. Yeah, what's up? Hey, how you doing? It's Phil. Hey Phil. How are you man? Good love the spanky. Did you love the spanky? Why I love this baggy man. Good idea I bet you the guy who invented it was a sailor Why reason why I'm saying that cuz I was a sailor Yeah, and my best friend out at sea racking out in Iraq was a dirty magazine and an old sock Oh, yes So you'd have been able to use the the spanky what that you've been able to you would have been able to use the spanky then Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah a friend of the semen a friend of the Spanky all right, man Thank you. Thank you. I will give away those spanky's Five random callers or whatever just call we'll give you a spanking 212757 1027 The Rock of New York 1027 w-a-w Creed that's one from their debut CD My own president Sophie and Anthony and Rick and Ben the fag We're all patiently waiting for Kevin our intern who is whacking it for our show today. Yeah What's going on? He's still going no rules down there guarding the door He left a half hour ago with the spanking he's been in there for a while, huh? He's really not done yet No, yeah, that's must be the pressure you think yeah We did hear the toilet flush those everything we heard come on. Well, he shouldn't be flushing anything He's got a spank got the spanky so I guess eventually we'll talk to our intern Kevin. Yeah when he's done. Hey, what's the camera crew out there for? What is that Ben? What's going on out there? Carol's being filmed. I don't know exactly for what really? Wow What's it for? How come no one gives us answers? It's like camera crews going through the the any W studios and We have no clue what they're for. Well, they want to see what a living legend does You know for a show and stuff is that it yeah. Oh, okay. I didn't know what what channels it for I think it's MSG or something. It's a big honor. Yeah. Oh really? MSG It's something like that. I'm not exactly sure it's I'm sg on they look it's all very vague Just love to know what's what's going on That there Eddie, you know, right? Eddie trunk the Board op and doer everything er on Carol show. Um, what oh, sorry night rocks. Oh, yes Yes, of course. Come on, man Tell me you know, that's all right. We talked about your cute Saturday night rocks rocks, man When the other stations playing disco, you come here for rock. I like to be you know associated with so what's going on with the camera crew Yeah, no one will tell us what the camera, you know, I don't know I guess they're doing a Piece for MSG. I think it's MSG Network about the station or about Carol I'm not sure if it's Carol or if it's the whole station or what but I know that Carol is like the host of it Oh, no, cuz if it's about the station, that's good to have Carol represent the station. No, that's good Oh really? I'm saying that's a good thing What? What I know that they'll be filming The whole thing is that they're going to be filming the whole thing What What I know that they'll be filming during I guess her first hour two hours of her show they're gonna film her show today. Yeah and And outside of that, I just know it's MSG. I think it's that Metro Channel. Okay, but I don't alright, right? Okay, I've seen that I don't know exactly what the um, the nature of the pieces, you know what the pitch is. Is that the word the lingo you use pitch? Yeah, yeah Okay. Well good. I wore a nice shirt today Yeah, I noticed Always looking like the slob that I am, you know, but you do everything for the show So shouldn't they be filling you isn't that the weather and traffic channel? I swear I think I tune it on all of a sudden. They're like they show this Uh camera view of the of the LIE or something you a and stuff and it's like hey here it is It's actually three different channels Yeah, yeah, yeah like education once traffic and weather right like I think things happening in the metro area What are they adding a comedy channel? What? What I'm just wondering Alright, maybe they'll come in here and No, they're not you guys so no, I don't know. I don't think any cameras will be rolling in here No, they will not be talking to us. You knew you knew you know, I'd Anthony big interview tonight as we change the subject. Yes Monica being interviewed by Barbara Walters. Mm-hmm, and We thought they could came up with someone else to interview Monica for the big interview tonight Yeah, Barbara's gonna be no surprises there. It's gonna be the same dull interview She does with everybody else. There'll be a couple of moments of laughter a couple moments of tears and absolutely no surprises Right same questions every all the information we've heard already through the news for the past year, right? Mm-hmm, so we came up with a bunch of people that we thought would be Better interviewers and Barbara Walters and some hold hold our interest a little more. So let's start with Tom Brokaw Prespected newsman. Yes, maybe he should have gotten a shot at this. Yeah. No, no, what would that sound like again? Anthony? Tom Brokaw embassy nightly news where here was Monica low in Monica go low low in Monika we're here with Monica low We'll be right back after these words Mr. Marble mouth a little trouble, but I would tune in and watch him stumble of course over the L I think he would only have one question out in two hours But it would be interesting better than Barbara just the same and then we came up with Yoshi. Oh, yeah Yoshi, you know, she's a favorite. I think I would sit and watch that for two hours Yoshi interviewing Monica Absolutely, and now what would that sound like? Monica ruins kid you are very dishonored Did you write a crinton pick and I want to know did he poke you? Yeah I'd be there two hours two hours of that sure why not? Now and our favorite Anthony. Yes our favorite instead of having Barbara Walters interview Monica Mm-hmm. I think it would be a much more exciting interview if Andrew Dice clay Interviewed Monica tonight for two hours on ABC. I'd be there for that. What the hell would that sound like? All right, I'd like to welcome this whale to my show huh, and you know, you're a whale cuz I could see your blowhole Yay So you're sucking Clinton's right? Does he blow his on that chubby face of yours or does he pull out and all over your big time? Come on answer the question answer the question you whore answer the question Look now she's gonna cry get up Barbara Walters. You're gonna cry Yeah, you'll look at her a little bit get you the question watch your mouth full you can't whore. Look at his big Huh? I don't want you on my show get the fuck out of here How would you not tune into that That's much better than Barbara I would love to hear two hours of that. Yeah All right, Anthony we're still waiting for intern Kevin to finish up with the spanky that we were talking about earlier He's up to 40 minutes and counting and Rick our producer went upstairs with the cell phone to see what the hell is going on Rick Hey guys, hey, what's up? We got some live in there All right. Well, I'm standing outside the bathroom door, which is all the way down the hall the other side of the building. Yeah and then we'll think I'm changing your promises weird. Let's get partially see in Hey, hey, Rick. Oh, yeah, Rick move out of the bathroom. We can't hear you Move out of the bathroom. Yeah, you were breaking up. No, okay. I'm away from the bathroom. Well, I don't see any story I don't hear anything in there. All right, anything should I bang on the door? Yeah, but just bang on. Yeah. Yo, Adam Hurry up How you doing in there Oh Almost there if he says almost there then he's not almost there anymore. Yeah, he's been out of 28 minutes Now try 38 minutes Let's see falling in love. What does he say? What do you say? All right, he says he's got a problem taking out a good picture from Penthouse So get him a copy of blue boy or something The hell's wrong with him. I'll get him over 50 magazine. Maybe that'll help him. Yeah All right. Listen, we got to talk about Priceline for a minute. Stay on the line just in case something happens All right. All right There's Rick upstairs wonder what the hell's going on with our intern Kevin as he spanks it well open to the spanking Perhaps if he had the privacy of a hotel room It would go a lot faster, but you're saying how could an intern afford a hotel room here in New York? Yeah Well, maybe if he got in touch with Priceline whoo, nice said at 1-800 Priceline or the website Priceline comm You know, he could name his own price for that hotel room. That's right and be spanking it in there now That's right at his price not the hotels price. Exactly He would be able to name his own price for the hotel room and Priceline would get back to him and say okay This is what you're gonna save on that hotel room. Yeah, and and and let's say he Just wants one day in there. Mm-hmm and he uses Priceline service. What does he get? Oh, he he gets a free hotel night Anthony for a whole nother day of using the spanking. That's right. Yes It's a great service if you're going away in the near future You might as well at least at the least call them up and see what they can do for you Yeah, we all want to save money, right doesn't hurt tax season almost upon us. We're all worried about how much money We're gonna have to pay the damn government gonna try to save money in any way we can yes So give them a call. All right, Rick, you know any update for us? All right Did you hear that what he said he said he said I gotta stop banging on the door breaking his concentration All right, so we got hand cramps by now Using his feet. All right. Well, hopefully we'll we'll talk to Kevin the intern who's spanking it upstairs We get off the air at seven o'clock. Oh This is amazing he's gonna hurt himself You can't hurry you can't yeah, you're just he's got anxiety pressure now, all right One oh two seven w-a-w the rock of New York the cults fire woman and hole before that Malibu From holes latest CD celebrity skin hole in Marilyn Manson coming to town April 6th continental arena and the Coliseum on the 7th of April and It's opium Anthony and our show has completely come to a halt Yeah, we're waiting for our intern to get done with the spanking give us a review, but he's still not done Come on, but but what cameraman just outside? Yeah says he loves the show and He says he's willing to try and do it right as quick as he can for you guys to see if it works The cameraman wants to use the spanking. Yep. All right, give him a spanking but telling me he's not filming us That's a fresh spanky by the way tell him It's a fresh spanking well, we got these spankies as a stupid product they did what's up, how you doing, man? Big fan of the show. All right. Thanks. I want to need some kind of material though. All right Yeah, yeah, what's your pleasure? Yeah, swank gay straight by Penthouse and I mean, all right, take one of the penthouses away from intern Kevin. Hey, how's the taping go? Oh Cool, okay What'd you say? It's lengthy way. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no surprise there. All right, it's good All right. Well, we're getting you some material so you could spank you for us to let us know what the spanky is all about Okay, I average about 15 minutes though 15 15. I'm a long-goer, you know, our interns been in there for he's a half-hour And it was before six was that break it's 45 minutes 45 minutes. Yeah, we have about 10. Let's put the pressure on it I will get your material and you can try it out for us. I'll probably finish before the intern does Yeah, now the race is on so what do you think of the spanking? You got in it? You got it in your hand there looks like a puppet. It does right like a little hand puppet or something It's lampshade my new job This is great And it's a little small it I think so Well, it's just made I mean I'm an Irish guy but I'm still thinking yeah, it's a little small Well around it's round enough but yeah, definitely not long enough. Yeah, I don't think you'll have a problem filling that spanky To the top for you. Come on. All right. Is there any word on our intern? Any back in the studio I was just down there and and Earl's like Keep an eye on that door because you know we don't anybody walking in on them and one of the Maintenance guys with the giant thing of towels starts kicking on the door to go in no, dude Don't go in there. He didn't understand what I was saying. It might have set him back, you know Whatever. All right. Well, we only he's working. He's gonna need the spanky as a tourniquet You need to get him some live-action man, I don't know about you guys but the picture thing died when in my teens you need live-action Yeah, this kind of bizarre cuz our intern has been whacking it for 45 minutes that it's gotta be Got the spanky you know, there's a saying, you know, all right Hopefully Kevin will be done before we get off the air at seven o'clock. This isn't been used is no No, that's a fresh bank. He's so hot off the presses. All right Well, I broke out this little bitty from the open Anthony archives where we are talking about spanking it which one are you got? What do you have? Oh, yeah Well, I haven't heard that one in a while Damn, I love that one one of the many tracks off our demand world CD blah blah blah And what trying to find in New York? Yeah, he's not done No All right. We got to take a break and we got to talk to them before seven so or right around seven o'clock But the the camera guy camera guys are gallery magazine was happy. Oh gallery or slop All right. So the camera guy is gonna guys is trying out the spanky right now. Yep All right, still patiently waiting for Kevin our intern to finish up And now we got the camera guy that is around here filming something. He's spanking in the bathroom, too Hopefully one of them will be done before this song is over 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York Johnny Lang playing the Hammerstein Ballroom March 10th take it still available We'll all be there to hang out with him and he's coming in to do our show Tuesday. Yes, Tuesday is coming in to play live Johnny Lang and then we're gonna also talk to Sammy Hagar next Tuesday So yeah, may that show will be much more interesting than the one you're currently listening to Getting outrageous, you know, we thought we'd do a quick little goof break, you know We found this new stupid product called the spanky you put it over your Johnson and you You whack it and then you don't mess yourself and so we said, okay Kevin our new intern let you know you got to take one for the team. You're the new guy So we sent him down the hall an hour ago. Yeah, it was 555 an hour with the spanky and he's still in the bathroom Earl do you have an update? You got him on the clock, right? I put him on the clock 55 minutes And he has completely wrecked our show We wanted to move on. He's coming. Is there a well easy entering? Yeah What happened? All right. Wait a minute. All right. Now it gets more interesting. So we have You keep the spanky in your pocket All right intern Kevin did not just come into the studio what's your name again, dude? Oh You know name how you didn't give out your name. Okay. Okay. All right There's a camera guy here that is filming something that no one is gonna watch. But anyway When I traffic and weather all right, but we're the guy the camera guys that all the guide We're what to do. That tells you where the traffic and weather is. Okay now Camera guy loves our show. So he said he would try out the spanky you went in the bathroom 15 minutes ago First of all, the spanky is too thick. Okay, you can't even feel anything number one number two It the spanky falls off. Oh You know when you're left back to where you normally are And number three your bathroom is kind of cold I got certain elements working against me and I'm standing up, you know All right. Well on the spank not a rousing Review well could someone just two shweens down for the span Grab Kevin and say and tell him it's all over. He's got to come back into the studio So we all laugh at him. No one black Earl running down the hall. Hurry up Earl Earl's going to get Kevin Nobody can use the spanking. No, you know the bookkeeper who's 53 years old Okay, he didn't like the gallery. Yeah, what what what issues you get? Oh, he got the girl next to how it's nasty The hose bag next door issue All right, Roger while we get Kevin real fast that you got like 20 seconds to give the plug for the benefit tonight Oh great tonight We're doing the benefit for the family of Matthew Zergowski who was the officer who was killed in Staten Island great cause Yes Tonight at Caroline's at 930 tickets are still available You can call Caroline's 2 1 2 7 5 7 40 100 or go directly. They are available at the door We've got John Stewart our own Sue Kalinsky Lewis Black Bob Nelson Jr. Haviland Paul Michael Mercurio they're both from the Daily Show David Tell and Mitch Patel Do well the way said the Daily Show. We're really trying not to make fun of your Alright cool, so it's 930 tonight and tickets still available, right? Correct. Alright. Thanks Roger and Carol is not shown back So I think we can run a little longer We can run as long as we want though, absolutely. All right, where's Kevin? Huh? Is it is he entering the studio? All right, he's on his way down the hall. He's not very happy He feels like he's let the team does he probably let the team dead every guy That's it within 10 feet of the studio come in the studio so we can all laugh at Kevin Ben. I'm serious. Get back here I Girl then the bag Eddie Jimmy is enter the studio Wait, dude, you were in the bathroom for an hour. Yeah, and you couldn't make it happen. Um, this doesn't do it I needed a movie Magazines undo it. Excuse me. I need a live girl to be in bed with Who will touch me and caress me? I will then have sex with her then I think it'll work You know well, I'm gonna movie Movie movie. What are we running here? I would have been I Know Peewee you could you could use the spanking? I Any W Kevin's a fag I know you see me but even girls can get off on those magazines Yeah, because I don't even need a magazine to get off I can get off three times within an hour without a magazine all I can think of is one thing He must have done it earlier in the day I'm Long time. Well, thank you Okay, I'm did you let us down, you know, I'm Trying in front of Friday He's going until Friday Now did you I did you have the spanky on at all times? Um, or did you go spanky lists for a couple of Spanx? We had a dump out So according to the instructions you Yeah, you have to be A bit aroused aroused around a much better word to yours and then you place it on and then rise it on right You couldn't even get past step one way. I got I got the step one and then when I place it on it's just dead Yeah, who's is the effect? Huh Well, it does it just in the that's true. You're looking down at something that looks like the littlest clan member Hey, buddy, what do you got? I can't believe it man three times that a time I was able to do it People were playing along at home Not the only one who needs just the movie Are you gonna be chafing? Do you feel like that it might have chafed a bit because I'm looking at the spanking material thinking Yeah, I don't know a little bit of friction on this for some time. It might hurt Well, you bought my I got the most exercise out of my hand Really I don't know. Hi any w Let us down we thought it'd be a good one down we thought it'd be a quick goof You know bit for our show and instead we just wasted the last hour of our show I made four stops get out of the car got back in the car. He still didn't do it Yeah, yeah, you gotta give up All right, man, thank fire and black it's almost there once yeah, but then I heard but then I heard Earl down you know the door That didn't help the situation I need some help Hi any w Okay, I'm gonna need a hand transplant Yeah, did you try the left hand yes actually yes sometimes that works Happened with the what happened with the pleasure pudding quicker picker upper the work out all right for you Kevin No, he got it. Well, I actually I got it all once but again it just a little lost the effect for me Then I even try water Work Water hi any w Just because he couldn't complete the actor he should be dubbed a fag as you say No, you should have given some blue boy. Maybe it might have helped Even gay guys could you know? Movie or a live woman see I'll back you up on that. I agree with him that you need Wait, there's there's levels listen you start out with like I dream a genius a little Need sound live-action almost How old are you how old are you so what by 30 it's gonna be I need torsos in head This is gonna keep getting worse and worse. I have my favorite movies When I got 14 years on you it's what top gun, you know, yeah Fried green tomatoes I can take a picture Martha Stewart and take care of myself You have your own thing too, it just doesn't work hi any w Hey, how you doing? Maybe you need lipstick on the spanky Alright, hello, mr. Spanky Me and mr. Spanky are gonna go to the bathroom All right, I messed up my spanking I don't know we we're gonna We're gonna need somebody to do this right this I'll do it before we're done with you lots you will not Wait, I'll give you that challenge how much you want to bet someone's got to confirm this though, dude I'll bring that will make Kevin confirm it cuz he was the This is ridiculous, I feel like I'm to blame for this no idea. All right, here's the deal All right, let's get up the collection what I've this is a money involved I want to bet him. Okay. Oh, you want to bet that he can't do it in what the spots one two One two three and you got a live read to a live read let's call it five minutes. Where's our old six? All right, call it six minutes. Where's our six minutes? Hold on tell Earl to come in you'll be on the clock. Hey, don't give him a head start. He might be thinking erotic thoughts Earl come here you're gonna be on the clock Rick our producers swears. He said he oh clock I Got the watch right Alright, get ready to get ready to go. Wait, it's six minutes from what when we hit the spots So he has to be hold on There's no way you could do that this there's 12 guys around no way Yeah, I'm a queen don't look at him And Kevin you have you have to prove that he did it I'm sorry if I can pull it off No, if I can do this in six minutes you have to carry it in I could spy that monkey Yeah, yeah exactly anything that might resemble so the Going that you might be able to this one take everything out of there that he could fake and put in there like what? The rope. Oh, you know like like hands. Oh, I know you're talking about. All right. Now. What are you gonna use? I'm gonna use the latest issue of penthouse penthouse That's not fair. I saw that Yeah, get this off out of there the soft soap out of there you just got that hard, you know corporate toilet paper in there There's nothing all right ready. It's great. How much are we betting? Yeah, how much you want to give me I'm good for at least I don't know what do we got? I'll take that buck I'm gonna pay for my parking Hold on everyone Annie up I'll bet I'll bet ten bucks. All right. All right, if it's in for ten, I'm in for ten All right, that's 20 bucks Five five really 25 has anyone taken the action I Didn't get that money's on your money's on Rick One Wow one quick question. Um, Kevin is that yours? Yeah, can you put that back in your pocket? Say you don't get your spanking confused Let's collect the money Big one thank you. Yeah My money's on your money's on right? No one's take long All right, his money's on Rick. It's Ben's got ten in the pot I just put ten in that's 20. All right. Here's uh, here's my ten. All right this third amazing Oh wait a minute, I'll be no it and I we know we know about this I'll be wait a minute he he is Hispanic I Go whack of mine we're gonna give you six minutes on the clock you in a dollar yourself with a dollar Would you kiss me if I want a spanking baby All right, 35 bucks. That's all we got here. That's fine Wait, wait, okay. Is he gonna match the money and pay us back? He's gonna have to He's betting all right Anthony. Why don't you give just give the quick intro here? I would think maybe the embarrassment of not pulling it off is worth 35 bucks ladies and gentlemen Alright, what is he up to? Uh, he's got Full got under four minutes left to it. He's two and a half into it, right? He's got three and a half minutes left Rick's got a complete the act in three and a half minutes three and a half minutes Alright if you own a computer or are looking to buy a new computer listen closely to the following message The original tri-state computer fair is coming to the metal and Crown Plaza Hotel formerly the Hilton Hotel in Sikakis, New Jersey this Saturday March 6. That's right from 10 a.m. Till 3 30 p.m. This Saturday March 6 You'll find a huge variety of wholesale exhibitors selling brand-name PCs modem software monitors printers memory and it's all at wholesale prices You'll find the latest products available And if you are thinking of buying your first computer now is your chance to buy from an expert who can help you get started with A system that's best for your home or business Don't miss the original tri-state computer fair this Saturday at the metal lands Crown Plaza Hotel Formally the metal lands Hilton in Sikakis from 10 till 3 30 p.m The metal lands Crown Plaza Hotel is located off route 3 in Sikakis call 908 236 2202 for additional information and future tri-state fairs admission is six bucks look in The sports are classified section of the Virgin Record or star ledger for your discount admission Coupon coupon sorry to the tri-state computer fair this Saturday from 10 till 3 30 p.m At the metal lands Crown Plaza Hotel in Sikakis all right 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 And That's all she wrote there's no way you can do I don't care who you are You're not gonna come up with the goods Get Rick out of there before the bad boy makes an unnecessary mess It's over I knew we'd put the pressure on him parties over money and everything of course It doesn't work like that the pressures on pressure kills you where you think you're home What you're better where is he coming out? Yeah? Come on come on Rick get out of the bathroom. He might be in that gray area right now No way man now believe me it's it's impossible all right everyone take their money back Here you go. Okay. Get come on Who gave the 20? I Mean it's an I gave the 10 No, yeah, I know well to tell Rick to come in here now Rick owes us Where is he he's trying he's gonna come in holding something to run my own five bucks Yeah, yeah, my money was only I gave you ten bucks all right. We'll take care of that get Rick out of here Why? No, he's done. He lost the bed get him out of the bathroom get out here He can hear our voices in there Rick you lost now get out of the bathroom He fell he turned the monitor off Building a relationship with the girl in penthouse completely put the pressure on with the money I was up to the dinner limit dinner and dancing portion of the evening Done. That's okay. Errol. We'll sort of will settle up later Please put the spanky back in your pocket Don't leave this bank you laying around like that now. Now what happened to you man look like he's I got so freaking close and then I hear I'm just like it was over. It was over at that point. But I was a Sweating look at him. He's all sweating and everything. He always had a moment You know, you know what a big problem was like the first two minutes. It was just trying to coax him back out of his shell I Like not oh man too much pressure too much Come on, let's do this. We know what we were doing. I'm like, come on I don't know my parking and he's like no screw the parking That's it Well, you you lost right everyone let us down today So we still don't know what the spanky is all about Anyone else want to try I don't want to get something done. You might have to do it yourself Come on, I didn't get a chance to put the damn thing on getting in there. No, we know Talks a pretty big game a little earlier. Don't you guys think does the white guys got little Oh Hi any W I'm not stupid. Hi any W Web address I want for sable. Yeah, I think they took the pictures down That's why I couldn't get through that just search a bunch of wrestling sites they're up all over the yeah now They're all over the place. Just do a search with sables name and you'll find them Yeah, I think what they don't they want you to pay to go see that now. There's enough free sites around it better I want to know my I tried wrote it down yesterday. Let's get it work. All right I'm sorry, dude, but I think they took him down because we're you know publicizing it so much yesterday All right, great. All right. Thanks Mike. Bye Hi any W Hey, hey, what's up? That was strike three. I think you guys have just proved that things a dust cover for viagra patients Yeah, I don't know about the spanking yeah, we didn't have much luck with the spanking today It might be good for keeping like dust off the VCR, you know, keep it warm something like that It's a little dust rag put it on your hand and dust off your VCR I can hear that I don't get dirt on my condom I Guess we got to wrap up this mess. That's it. Yeah. Well the spanky not very successful today So I a W I know but we had all sorts of tricks. We knew there was no way that he would be other He wasn't gonna complete the act in six minutes because first of all, we put so much money on the line I mean 35 bucks to Rick is a lot of money And I do work here and then we're doing then we're doing live reads knowing he's hearing our voice and then Top it off. He's got stereotactic Metastasis of the neck head chest penis Making me hot Yeah Tertiary radio surgery for cappuccino of the chin heel leg click clacks of the neck chest tumor tumors of the penis balls Then my pager went off did it that's your chick Alright man, you're paid Your pager went off I Guess we got to get out of here. That's it We have to big let down with the spanky but more stability tomorrow I'll take take your take your spanky's home Yeah, and see how they work in the privacy of your own home and let us for tomorrow. Yeah, Kevin I take a spanky Rick take a spanky. You'll have a movie or whatever kind of High-jinks a guy I need a trapeze without a trapeze Alright, we're out of here. Thanks for listening guys