 The Rock of New York, 1027 WNAW, Collective Soul, the world I know. All this weekend you got chances to win tickets to see Collective Soul and the next chance to win is in the four o'clock hour so stick around for that. Hey, it's Hope, it's Ann and it's FU Friday. Can I throw the first one out? Yeah, sure. Okay, this is to people that get into little fender benders on their way to work or whatever and decide they have to leave the cars exactly where they are. Like the police are going to come and sketch it out. Like no one's hurt, there isn't a problem. You dented your fender, the other guy scratched the bumper, but they leave it there thinking it's a crime to move them. People actually think it's a crime to move vehicles after you bump into each other. A fender bender. Right, like it'll be a, I've got a hit and run, it'll be a hit and run. You can move your cars off the roadway. To the side. Right, you don't have to block everyone's traffic while they're trying to get in because you scratched your fender. The police don't come take measurements and photos. Don't worry, move your car. Move along. It happened to us today. Yes it did. Where was that? Francis Lewis Boulevard? Yeah, we're on the expressway. We're on the LIE. We're in bumper to bumper traffic for what? 15, 20 minutes. Yeah, it's because somebody on the off ramp, Francis Lewis Boulevard, stopped because of a little fender bender on the off ramp. Right. And that backed up onto the expressway and blocked traffic on the expressway. I'm passing by thinking they have no clue standing down there with their little fender bender that they have just blocked all the traffic on the expressway. Big F you to them. Huge. I was in the supermarket getting my lunch. Just wanted to get one of those chicken roasters. Right. Should take how long to get that? Oh God, any more than five minutes is too long. Try 20. I'm in the express lane and we've talked about this before. You know, during the day is the worst time to hit a supermarket. First of all, it's when old people attack. Yeah. All the blue dots are in the supermarket. Just want to get my quick lunch. I'm behind this lady. She had to count out exact change to $4 and 66 cents. Dude, it took five minutes. She opens up the tiny little purse that she hasn't opened up in years because you saw the dust and the cobwebs, you know, the little change first and then she hands the guy $4 and then she's counting out the 66 cents and everyone in line is just sighing. There's a bunch of work people just trying to get back to the job and stuff. Yeah. That's what you get. You get the old people that this is their time out too. This is like going out to them. Going to the store to you is, you know, I got to go to the store, pick something up. I want to get in and get out to the elderly. They go to the store to, to commune with each other and talk. It's a social occasion. You're good. Like everything, if you're in the aisle and you're buying soup, you know, and there's an old person next to you that's some pretty good soup there you got. I've noticed that my store really binds up with that one. You're going to enjoy that. Have a great little day now. You can buy two cans. It's like this, this is their little way to get out. It's sort of sad, but I don't have the time. You know, you want to get in, get out. And then the change purse. Well, then she, she counts out the four 66 and then she decides, wait a minute, I got four quarters here. Can I have a dollar back? I want to give you the four quarters for the dollar. And it's just like, God, will you hurry up? It's just so annoying. The best is when you pull up to the supermarket and you see the bus parked out front. Oh yeah. You know, they just let off about what 30 or 40 senior citizens to go shopping. You hear them click clacking through the, through the aisles with their walkers. Sounds like the velociraptors in the cloth world. Oh no, old people. Walkers. Hello. Frightening. I love the people that, you know, will call us and say, have compassion. You'll be old someday too. Now when we're that old, you can make fun of us. Yeah, exactly. I got the youth and I got the legs and I want to use them. Get out of my way. Get out of the way. All right. We've kicked off every Friday. All right. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. If you want to talk to us live with your FU's, the facts line two one two nine five seven W-N-E-W. If you're going to write a fax, get right to the point because we get so many faxes that the ones that have a real long story, we just throw away. To be honest with you, get right to the point and we'll get you on the air. And then the instant feedback is a great way to go to the W-N-E-W website, click on our pictures and you can send an email to us right here in the studio. I'll be this like free or Frustrations Friday that they do on Fox on their little Fox Morning show on Channel five. They're doing Free or Frustrations Friday and they urge people to fax in what annoys them around New York City. Fascinating. Well, there's another station that ripped this idea off as well. Really? And they're not going to go unnoticed today. Z100's March Madness Contest is an exact rip off of this FU Friday concept. Yeah, they're doing that March Madness March Madness. Tell us what makes you mad this March. Oh, yeah. Make believe you guys came up with that on your own. Good day, New York. That's who's doing it. I guess Julie Golden must have thought up that idea in a drunken stupor. The weather girl. That's a big story today. Well, the girl from the Fox show. Good day, New York. She got pulled over for a D-Way at one thirty in the afternoon. Man, that's a good lunch. Maybe Fox adopted Gary's idea that didn't quite work around here. Free beer Thursday. You know, and she might have been doing a few and trying to drive home. All right, Julie. But she didn't take the breathalyzer. No. Hello? Yeah, what's up? Hi, I have an FU. All right, you're live on the air. What do you got? I want to say my third grade. Why? Because they just nonstop talking. The third grade, third graders and to my friends, kindergarten class. Oh, what are they doing? Peeing their pants? Damn them. It's all eating the paste. They nap all the time. They just don't set up. And it's Friday and they're kids. They're kids, you know, supposed to do as a kid. How long have you been teaching? This is our fifth year. Well, my fifth year. How long have you been teaching? So like, what is your goal? To be a college professor or something? You got to work your way up from wet diapers? Do you get to see the peepee dance every day? The peepee dance. I love the peepee dance that the kids do. I got to go. I got to go. All right, FU to your third graders and the kindergarten class. That's sick. Hey, what's the worst thing one of those little bastards did to ruin your day? Talking all day. No, nothing like crapping in their pants or anything? No, no, no, no. You guys don't bring extra underwear to class for the kid that pees and stuff? Yes, they do. I'm saying that. I'm getting an ecstasy. She doesn't consider that bad though. Talking is worse than kids wetting themselves. You know, I should call out a girl that I went to school with. This girl Rosemary. I won't use her last name because she's going to be mortified, but she was the one growing up that peed her pants and the teacher always had extra underwear for her. And what grade was this? Um, man, at grammar school. And you remember this? Yeah. See how that follows you? You know why I remember it? Because it was just a huge puddle under a desk. Yeah, yeah. You know? All of a sudden you just heard like running water. Hey, what's the... Oh my God, she's, she's peeing. And kids are just brutal. We're all laughing. The teacher brings her down the hall and gives her fresh underwear and she came back into class. But the problem was she was the same girl that struck out a kickball by the way. Did the poor janitor have to come in with the kitty litter stuff and throw it down? Like puke patrol. Oh boy, what a job. The problem is though, you know, in my neighborhood in, you know, Huntington area, we went to grammar school and went all the way to high school together. So no one forgot that she was the one that Peter Pansing Grammar School had to move out of, out of the neighborhood to shake that reputation. So either the kid that threw up in school that always happened to remember. Did Ralph was the kid that threw up? No, no, I see you need to keep to make them aware that they can make fun of everybody. Everybody does it. All right. Well, thank you for your FU. Thank you. All right. Bye. Unfortunately, I had a more compassionate third grade teacher. Yeah. This is all honey. You put your head on the table and it was funny to this day. I can't eat a ring ding. Is that what happens? That's what I had a ring ding for the first time back when they were like the size of a plate. Yeah. You know, downsizing became fashionable and I ate the whole thing. Tasted pretty good. No problem. Look down feeling, you know, milk wasn't warm. Was cold milk. I must have a stomach virus or something because it just came up and it was like Lake Erie. It was really big. And the guy came to Janitor with the red sawdust and my head on the table. That's horrible. That followed you though. Come get me. I'm so sick. The kid that puked. All right. You know, they were pretty cool. I didn't hear about it much after that. Believe me, they were talking behind your back. They were talking to my face though. All right. Well, FU Friday is off to a good start. Yeah. I think we're going to talk a lot today. Screw the music. Well, we got Louis Black coming in at four. He's still suck up an hour at least. Oh yeah. We've already sucked up 20 minutes here. We're going to talk a lot today. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW Soundgarden, Black Hole Son, it's Hope and Anthony. It's FU Friday. We're in a good mood here. And of another work week upon us or almost upon us, I should say. And lots of great stuff coming in from the listeners already, man. Joe from North Bergen. We were talking about like fellow classmates from your past that did some really stupid like puking class or pee, pee in their pants or whatever it was. I remember high school. But whatever it was, it's something that happened in grammar school and it just stays with that person forever. No matter if they grew up to be an honor student or whatever, they still remember that person as the person that puked in fourth grade or whatever. Right. Well, Joe writes, well, in ninth grade, this chick was wearing white pants, has her period and isn't prepared. We all saw the stain and it stuck with her for four years. Oh, what did they call her? Probably red stain. Yeah. Hey, red stain. That's terrible. Yeah. Well, we also got a fax here from Andrew, the angry met fan. Oh, no, come on. No, because I know where this is going. Well, the faithful listeners know who Andrew the angry met fan is. Andrew, for some reason, hated Joe DiMaggio. Correct. Yeah. He couldn't wait for Joe D to die. If you remember his past faxes. Well, Andrew writes, Hey guys, F Joe Tory. Oh, all of the news is focused on his cancer stricken ass and now I can't gloat in the glory of Joe DiMaggio's death. Oh, come on. Andrew the angry met fan. I want to say that he is not at all indicative of Mets fans. You know, I don't think he is voicing the opinion of many Mets fans. Well, he has terrible voice in his opinion. Anthony, he is angry. John from Jersey, dear ONA, a big F you to the butthole who broke into my storage closet and stole my tools. Now I have to spend all weekend going through security tape to find you. And when I do, I will break my foot in your ass. Break my foot in your ass. He's passed, man. I saw that footage of the guy stealing the beanie babies in center port. Yeah. That's pretty funny. It's got a little jacket on and he's just loading up on beanie babies. That has become a big story. Everyone's showing the video. Yeah. That's in our neck of the woods where we kind of live. Yeah. I can't go over there and get pizza all the time. And the guy has a lot of beanie babies over there. And, but you can rob beanie babies. Well, they get a good price on the street. They get a good price. Beanie babies, beanie babies. I think it's a little too much as being made of these things. It's true. You turn on the home shopping channel. There's who I remember doing a lot of the baseball card things. Here it is. Mark McGuire, rookie card. Look at this. Only $6,000. You know you can sell this for 10 the second it comes to you in the mail. And that was beanie babies. Look at this. We got fuzzy wuzzy. Look at fuzzy wuzzy. Fuzzy wuzzy. Just on my watch two minutes ago was going for $80,000. Right now. $123,000. And you get princess and coochie-woochie and coochie-coo. And the big burly guy is selling stuffed little animals. Those beanie babies are going to be worth nothing in a few years. I know. It's all hype. You guys don't understand. You're loading up on these worthless things. Look at this one. Fluffy oogie-woogies. Fluffy snuggle-oggles. $8,000. Those beanie babies cost less than a dollar to make. Well, aren't they made in Thailand? The beads in them are cheap. There's some little kid that you're sending 25 cents a month to feed his village stitching these little things together. And here they're, they're $8,000 beanie babies. Yeah, I got a great email that I got to read. Remember yesterday we were asking for all the faithful listeners to send us a little feedback on the show because we've been here nine months and we want to really get a feel for what you guys have been digging about the show. As a matter of fact, you could do that through the WNAW website. We set up a nice section. Made it easy for you. But this guy writes, Opian Anthony, as a faithful listener, it's hard for me to imagine that anyone out there has just started listening to your show. I don't know what I would have done for all of these years without you guys to make me laugh in the afternoons. I first tuned in in the mid-sixties when you started playing tunes from that new long-haired band from England. I think they were called The Beatles or Flies or something like that. I don't know how I ever would have made it through the Kennedy assassinations without your hilarious bits and Anthony's Ted Kennedy impressions. The sixties, huh? And all of the Nixon bits made the Vietnam War just a little more bearable. I even stayed with you guys during Opie's disco phase with those leisure suits and sideburns. The eighties were a lot of fun too. I'm sure glad Anthony made it through the cocaine thing he was on and went into rehab. His Reagan bits always made me crack up and when he parachuted onto the field at Shager in the World Series, I laughed my ass off. I remember that. Go Mets. Now here in the nineties, it's good to see that you both still rock. I'm sure it's not easy getting around with those walkers with the handbrakes. Anyway, I just want to let you know how long I've been listening and want to say you're doing a great job making us laugh. Keep playing the old bits along with the new and keep rocking into the twenty-first century. P.S. The bit about Krista McAuliffe when the shuttle blew up in eighty-four was hilarious. Oh my God. Stop. Oh, later guys. Longtime listener. Al from Merrick. Al, you made me laugh. Thank you. Al, by the way, the shuttle blew up in eighty-six. Yeah, we had to look it up. We had a little argument. Eighty-four. I was still thinking it was eighty-four. I was right. You were right. Of course I was. Steve, through the fax line, two one two nine five seven W-N-E-W, a big fat F-U to the F and I R-S. I just got my taxes done and I owe a thousand. Oh, no, I owe thousands. Thousands? We need tax reform now. I don't mind paying taxes, but this is absolutely sick. Well, that's something we bitch about all the time, taxes, but no one will do anything about it. We're nice and calm and collected when things happen real slow to us. You know? That's why they take out your taxes every week. They take your little income tax out and then at the end of the year, if you have to pay even two thousand, you're like, oh, okay, I'll do it. I'll send the check. You've already sent thousands in, but they take it slowly. Slowly take it away. And then you try to spend the money they already taxed. And what do they do? They put a sales tax on it. And then you take your money that they've taxed already and you put it in the bank to make some more money and that's taxed. Or you try to invest in the stock market and that's taxed. Say you do good. They even tax more. They tax it even higher. Isn't this the reason we left the motherland? We left England for like, it was nothing. Right, the taxes were bearable. This is bloody ridiculous. And that was the reason we left. You want me to pay an extra penny for a pound of tea? I'm leaving. And these scumbag politicians, they all come out year after year and talk about tax breaks. And they say some ridiculous figure. And if you do the math, it sounds great. Like we're going to save the taxpayers millions upon millions of dollars. And if you do the math correctly, it turns out you're saving less than a dollar a year on taxes. But they're claiming to do a real good thing for you. It'll never change. It's just one of those things you have to deal with in this country. No, nothing. No tax reform. And when you really get mad and hold up in a shack up in Montana and start shooting at government officials, then they get pissed at you. Wacky guys. So there you have it. I'll be there in no time. Swear to God. All right, you're hanging with Opie and Anthony. It's FU Friday. Kelly on the Instant Feedback writes, this is pretty good, we're talking about those kids in school that you remember for doing something stupid. Hey guys, there was this chicken in freshman year of high school who had huge hair sprayed hair one day while smoking in the girls room. She borrowed someone's lighter, not realizing it had a huge flame, lit all her hair on fire. We frantically tried throwing water on her and putting it out for the rest of high school. She was known as the flame. I was dangerous. The girls that used to do that, like spray their hair up, we would call it the waterfall because they would take all the hair from the back and brush it all forward and then spray the crap out of it. And the front would just have this like waterfall piece of hair over it. And then from the front, it's like, wow, look, a big head of hair. When they turn around from the back, it's just all pushed up front. We call it the peacock. The peacock? Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. Yeah, big peacock feathers. I never got that look. No. Where it looks like a tidal wave in front. Yeah. I never got that. Waterfall over the head. I can name a few towns that that hairstyle was popular. FaceShort. FaceShort comes to mind. FaceShort. It still is. Really? I haven't been down there in a while, but. I don't know. All right. Want to go to the phones real fast? Yeah, take a couple of calls. The boss is gone. Let's just talk today. It's fun. Friday. Hi, Andy W. Yeah, how are you doing? I got a big F-U. All right, hit it. All right. I got a few going out for being put on hold and then getting dropped. I have to wait for 10 minutes. Well, now you're live in the air, man. What have you got? I also have to get to that third grade teacher that was going crazy. Yeah, she's got to relax, right? Oh my God. My kids are kind of going there. I have to give them all homework. All right. All right, buddy. You guys are doing good. Thank you. Thank you a lot. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Thank you. All right. All right. No surprise. We hung up on that guy right there. That's the first time. Hi, N'dW. What's up, guys? Hey, what's up? If you're alive, I'm in the air. This is Dirty the Happy Yankee fan. Could I give a big F-U to Andrew, the Angry Med fan? Yeah. Andrew has problems. We all know that by now. Yeah, a little bit. I hope his mom gets cancer. He ain't dead yet. Whoa. There you go. Right back at you, baby. A little cancer war going on. Thank you, the 99. All right, bud. Thank you. going to wish on someone. That's horrible. But Andrew deserves it after his facts that he sent in. Remember in the King of Comedy, one of the funniest scenes when Jerry Lewis, who plays the talk show host, Jerry Langford, he's walking down the street and some lady is by a pay phone and she goes, it's Jerry Langford. I love Jerry Langford. Hold on, hold on. She goes, Jerry, could you talk to my son-in-law? He's in the hospital. He's dying. Could you please just talk to me? He's like, ma'am, I'm sorry. I got to be to work. She's like, screw you then. I hope you get cancer. I hope you die of cancer. It's like the most awful thing you could say to someone. That's another great movie, another King of Comedy. Rupert Pupkin. Rupert Pupkin, everyone. I gave you my spot. My spot. Next to Jerry. I gave you my best Jerry albums. N.E.W. No, they hung up. Alright, one more here. Hi, N.E.W. Oh, it will be an answer. Listen, I want to give a big fat F-U to Darrell Strawberry. Wow. Why? I don't know if you guys caught it on the news the other day. They had Darrell on there and he's talking about how, oh, for a couple of weeks now I knew that Joe Torrey had something wrong with him. I could feel it. I knew he had cancer. Like, all of a sudden, because Darrell had a little cancer up his ass, he had some sixth sense. All of a sudden he could find out, he knows by instinct everybody that has cancer. He's like the cancer Kresgen? Exactly. He didn't know anything. All of a sudden now he's the cancer guru on the team. Maybe he'll start doing coloscopies for everybody. Colonoscopy. I don't know. We've got to watch out for his bag hanging out when he runs around the bases this year. Oh, come on, man. I don't even have my bell. Wait a minute. Check, please. Check, please. Alright. That was a good one, huh, guys? That's a little wacky. Alright, I'm a wacky guy. Take it easy, guys. Take it easy. Bye-bye. People are heartless. They're heartless today. It's Friday and it is FU Friday and people are just built up. They're pent up. They're angry. They're letting their hair down. Hi, NW. NW, yeah, what's up? Hey. Oh, I got a big FU for the magistrate at Staten Island Traffic Court. Why? What'd you do? What I do. I went in there to plead not guilty to a ticket and the officer was there and he said he couldn't remember exactly if he did follow me this long or this. So with that said, there was enough for the judge or with the magistrate to say, hey, you know, maybe you're innocent. Alright. No, what he did was he looked back at my old record of 52 years old. He looked back at my old record from when I was like 25 and 28 and had some tickets. Looked at that and said, guilty. I mean, what a hump. Because he looked at that and stereotypes me immediately. Alright, well, we're glad you were called with that. Are you really? Not really. No. Alright, man. Are you trying to get it off my chest? Thank you. Thank you. Alright. Actually, we got distracted because our buddy Lewis Black walked in in the middle of that line. Lewis. Hello, guys. How you doing? How are you, Lewis? Oh, just great. Good? Feeling good? Oh, yeah, it's great. It's great. It's nice weather if it was, you know, like December 8th. Spring right around the corner. Nothing I like better than getting out there and going, you know, like it's nice. If you're a moose, this is really spectacular. If you got fur on your nuts, you know, you'll love it. Yeah, let's run around. Boy, weekend. Let's party. I walk around, you know, and my apartment has no heat because it's March 1st. Yeah. You know, because they just, you know, because now it's March. Yeah, they still turn it on. Of course. Because that's the way the calendar works in this city. If a city on the planet and we have no control over our heat, boy, are we smart. This steam coming up. All I had to do was see that machine and I'm started. They pointed the machine out and I went, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, run through everybody as far as the Clinton thing goes. So, uh, they, they're down to now, uh, us. We're experts in the field now of cocky humor. We've brought in the cocky humor. No, no, poo poo humor is what Ted Koppel is. Actually heard Ted Koppel talking about the Grinch man there. And, uh, he, he said, you know, you do that, um, uh, poo poo humor. Did Ted just say poo poo humor? Ted Koppel poo poo? Poo poo humor. The poo poo humor. The news guys are out of their minds at this point. They, they're trying so hard to put new twists on things. Like you said, everyone's doing news now, 20,000 hours of news every day. So they got to find the unique angle that only they have. It's supposed to just kind of like relating information. Yeah. Yeah. Which should be nice, which is enough. So now they're going to get you and Joyce Brothers. Yeah. And the little panel. And I think, you know, the other thing is, is that I, even, uh, I, I took LSD in me during my life. Oh my God. Leave. In order, in order to prepare me, you know, basically so that, you know, basically the reason people take LSD is you want to, you, you, you, you, you tend to have every thought that humanly possible and out of this, the, the, the fact that the president might get oral sex from a 21 year old never crossed my mind. Ever. Ever. Ever. No matter how many hits you've taken. Exactly. No matter what, you know, the chair would turn into a snake. But, but, but nobody, I'd never even, you know, nothing prepared me for this. And now I think we're just out of, now I think we've lost our minds. I think we're completely adrift. And I don't know if we're coming back. I don't know if we're coming back. All right. Drink and be married. And the other thing is, is no matter what side you're on in this issue of, of, of the, of the president, you're wrong. No matter what, you can take any side you want. You're completely wrong. That's true. I don't care whose side you're on. You completely side with him and you're completely wrong on that. What he did is disgusting. But what about her? Well, she's a little piggy too. And then everybody kind of lines up and Hillary Lester, there's a role. Do you feel sorry for Hillary? No, jackass. What is she doing? You know, what's this lie in the post? Well, you know, I wouldn't even sleep in the bed with him. Get out of the house. Please. Oh, then I'm going to, then she's going to come here. Yeah. I don't experience enough hell every day. Yeah. We thought it was going to be over after the next election. But no, no, it's a bring it on a local basis. Now. Now we've got to get it up close and personal. It was supposed to be a guy playing with himself on the surface. Happy days are here again. That's at least something the man can handle. But this, I am not going to abide this. Her coming down, you know, and Chelsea, on that girl, you might as well just put her in, put her in a ward, give her a private wing. She deserves it. Get a big jumbo wing and award somewhere out there in the country and let her look out at the foxes and weep. I know one way she can get back at daddy though. Oh yeah. Chelsea, if you're listening, come over here. You're a dirty girl, aren't you? Yeah. We could get back at daddy together. Yes, we can. I'll teach you. I got a big cigar right here. Yeah, that'll teach him right. He's been bad. He neglected his daughter with a young girl. I won't neglect you, Chelsea. We'll get him back. You get him back for being a bad daddy and I'll get him back for being a bad president. Yeah. It's the perverted Bob Ross, everyone. That's the Bob Ross voice. Yeah, take a little Lizarin Crimson. That's great. Poor girl. You're right. Give her a ward. It's over. Should we take some phone calls? Yeah, what are the people thinking? See if anyone's listening to this crap. No, they're not. That's good. It's a fact. Hi, NW. NW. I'd like to send out an interview to my mom. Oh, boy. To your mom? Is she hot? No. Okay. No. Because when I was squatting, I got one... You know, I thought the thalidomide was outlawed. I only got one question wrong on my test and she not giving me the thing she promised to. What was that? What was that? What did she promise you? She promised me a deck of cards, which I really need. A deck of cards? Go to a store and steal it. No, that was... Come on, you're small enough nobody will notice. Your mom won't get you a deck of cards? A deck of cards? What kind of cards? Pokemon cards. What cards? Pokemon. Pokemon. The little Japanese little... Don't ask me how I know this. I don't even want to look at you when you do. What a shame. Turn the cartoon on the other day. You don't need Pokemon cards. You need them like I need a hole in the head. You think I work all day to make money to buy you cards? All right, well, thanks for calling. Is Yoshi going to be coming on? What? Can you see if Yoshi can come on the radio? Yeah, Yoshi will be here later. Okay. All right, bye. Bye. All right. That's who I'm talking to? You're doing George Stephanopoulos material. To a six-year-old. How about that Barney? Damn him. I.N.W. Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's up? They got you to make it a cruel intention. Oh, the new movie coming out? Yeah, it's a good movie. Beginning is all right. You know, sexy scenes, a couple of them. A really perverted movie. Yeah. You know, the guy dies at the end. Which one dies? Ryan Phillippe. The guy with the fuzzy head. The real hit guy. All right, so he dies and no one needs to see that. Just give away the end of the movie. All right, thanks, man. Well, that's what happens when you go out and you try to have a good time. Yeah. You know, they kill you at the end of the movie. We start something really nasty on our show. We give away the ending to all the movies. With absolutely no forewarning that is coming. It comes out of Babe Ruth from Hellbit. You know what, we had a guy, he got tape of it, he stood up before Message in a Bottle and told the whole audience that Kevin Costner dies at the end of the movie. The audio is priceless. Then you're running out of the theater before they kill him. That's unbelievable. Yeah, yeah, pretty bad. That's our new little wacky bit. Well, no, Message in a Bottle. What difference does it make if you know he dies? 90% of the people who are going to that movie read that idiotic book. Who else would go see it? We also gave away the ending to Life is Beautiful, though. We got a lot of heat for that. Yeah, the Italian dies in the concentration camp. Well, that was a tough stretch. Hello, it's called the Holocaust. Hello, America. Knock, knock, knock, knock. Is anybody home? They took the Jew away and they killed him. Well, what do you think? No, he went to a nicer place. What's happening to your show, guys? You're getting phone calls from four-year-olds. You're talking about dropping ants. Oh, my God. So what do you got, Jimmy? Nothing, just hanging out. Oh, there you go. Well, that'll contribute. I can't take this anymore. You guys used to be the best, but I don't know. You've got to give me something to listen to, you know? Uh-oh. That's a lot. That's very sweet of you. I'm really glad that I trundled my ass down here to talk. You don't like the stories about LSD and kids? No, I'm just saying. I mean, that's your audience now. No, not at all. You guys alienated everyone else, except for me. All right, Jimmy. And he's leaving. Hi, N-E-W. N-E-W. N-E-W. Hello? Yeah, what's up, buddy? Hi, it's Joe in New York. How are you doing? All right, Joe. What do you got? Listen, I was just listening to you guys about your feeling about nothing happening with newscasts these days, but I just want to ask you a quick question. What do you feel about last week on our newscast about Monica Lewis's book, Not Being L.A. B. Sold in Europe? Why do you think that is? I mean, Europe is really like a pretty much a society that's pretty, well, I don't know, perverse, but they're pretty kinky. So how can you think of a book not being sold over there? Because they find it hard for people to translate. They can't find anybody to translate. There's nobody over there who knows English to Spanish. It's unbelievable. Everyone who does this kind of work died. That's how I'd explain it. What about you guys? It's a good show, guys. I guess maybe you got the wrong number or something. I don't know, but you guys have got a good show. Thanks. All right, bye. Bye. How much happening on the phones today? No, not at all. That was, well, a person calling up and saying, we're doing a good job. It's like I didn't kiss my ass. What do you mean? That was a good thing. Get door-to-door driving directions to any ski area in the country. Before you get in the car, get online and head straight to MapQuest.com. It's How to Get There. Basically, it's... 1027WAW, The Rock in New York. It's Opie and Anthony and Louis Black. If you're still listening to this train wreck, we call it Radio Show. We are giving away tickets to see Collective Soul this weekend as well. And we'll give a pair away to the 10th caller right now. Yeah, but we're going to cheat like those guys. Oh, God. We're going to have exactly, wait until one of my friends calls. Hey, we're giving away a trip. We'll call it a contest. 212-757-1027 for the Collective Soul tickets. All right? Cool. All right. You're going to go out. I love this thing that the lottery reaches like 33 million. Yeah. And now we'll go out and get it. Before when it's 12, it's like, I don't really need that. Chicken feet. Who needs that? But 33 and there are more ways to win. Well, how can there be more ways to win, you schmucks? There's one in a gazillion ways to win. It's never going to be us, and that's the way it is, unless you're in a trailer or something. Wow. That's true. Who wins it? It's never anybody who's truly desperate. Well, it's truly desperate on a certain level. Well, it's always an old person that doesn't need the money anyway. Yeah. No, it's always somebody who says, yeah, I'll go back to my job. Yeah, I know. Yeah. You're going to quit? No, I like working at the light bulb factory. It's like, you quit. Why'd you play? My life isn't going to change. I like my old car. I like my old job. Why'd you play? You moron. Well, Lewis, we'd like to update you on some of the stuff that's been going on on our show. In between your visits. Well, we've got a new song we want to play for you. Excellent. This one's kind of getting rave reviews, but a couple of people don't like it. A couple of people have complained. Is that right? Should we just play it for them? This is supposed to be Babe Ruth in Hell Creek. I mean, yeah. Just glomming on. I'm still waiting for the response on the Babe Ruth. Now this is becoming a fave of the Open Anthony audience. So take a listen, alright? Oh, is the white man always back in his head full of grease? His battle cry justice, no, be the man with a plan. You know, you can trust the party. Little Reverend with an aftertaste of a Reverend. Reverend. He looks like James Brown with too many calories. Why is the white man always picking on me? Remember, Bernie gets in the Brawley case. Turn on the TV. You would always see his face. He's speeding in his limo to another homeless type to make the network news with the family by his side. Reverend. He's your pal. Never. For some good publicity. Why is the white man always picking on me? Reverend. I'm hungry. He will represent your family and he doesn't charge a fee. As long as the footage makes it on the TV. Reverend. I'm your pal. Reverend. He's a race, faith, white, hate, bag of baloney. Why is the white man always picking on me? Reverend. Reverend. How about that? That's fabulous. I'm sure that won't upset them out there. Boy, I'm going to leave before the building is burnt. You guys don't mind if I sneak away through the back door. That's a cute little ditty, I think. It's danceable. It's danceable. And I remember it. It's an oldie. In all fairness, the Giuliani song is coming. I've got letters from people that said, Boy, I bet you wouldn't goof on Giuliani like that. Oh, for God's sake. That guy keeps talking about full of himself. Mayor Beluga whale head. Really? Got that melon head thing going. What I did for the city, we... What you did, what if we all moved when it was a dump? I believe here. Would there have been a city for you, you schmuck? Why didn't you ever say, me and the people of New York as opposed to... Me! Me! It was me. And then we cleaned up crime and I did it. It was just by me, by myself. Me and about 12 billion bullets I bought. And you didn't even buy the bullets, jackass. The bullets were bought by Dinkins who basically didn't know how to distribute the bullets. That was the difference. Unbelievable, jackass. I'll tell you, time stood still when you arrived, you putz. What a schmuck. It's unbelievable. What kind of a jackass is going to build a stadium out on the west side of New York City? I live over there, you jerk. What was that about? Let's get Yankee saved. Let's take it out of the Bronx because the Bronx hasn't been gutted enough by the middle class. Let's take the one remaining symbol of hope out there and take it away. Put it on the west side of New York which doesn't have enough crap already. That's what needs to be needed. You know how long it took to make the Javits Center? The Javits Center, I can imagine. Did you ever see that? It took forever. Jacob Javits, when he was alive in that chair, with a spoon, would have gotten it done faster than they got it done. Next door we're going to build a dome stadium, you idiot. You idiot. You idiot. I can walk with a gazillion people so I can't even get home at night. Somebody will be selling Yankee pennants on my block. What are you, a moron? You know, you can't do that because what we need is hope. What we need is the sense that those of us who live in New York that someday, possibly, in your infinite wisdom, you would stop thinking about the Yankee stadium and the rest of that crap and maybe build a west side highway. Maybe build a west side highway. Maybe build a west side highway. Maybe build a west side highway. Maybe build a west side highway. I just can't get over the image of Jacob Javits in the chair with the spoon. I always thought that. Every time I come by there, it's like, Javits is down there with a little spoon just digging it up. That's why he's staking so long. That's why they named it after him. He built it. I'm almost done. I was almost done. What was that? Didn't Geraldo come out in a book and say he was doing his wife? No, did he really? Yeah, remember that book that Geraldo put out? He said he was doing Javits wife. No. Oh, no. Geraldo got off my wall. He could sit the both of them in his lap and go over a bumpy road. I'm not a big fan of Giuliani. I think we could take that away from that. Oh, man. He's unbelievable. I can't wait for him to run. I don't know if the Senate is big enough for Giuliani. Against Hillary? I think he'll win that one. That would be fun to watch. Put the two of them in a pit and let them just go at it. Grease them up. You just know the ads though. Would you vote for a woman who couldn't keep tabs on her husband's affairs? Let alone yours. I'd vote for my friend, the roadie Giuliani. It's funny though, walking around now. You wonder what 20 years ago, have you been in the new Grand Central station? Oh, yeah. I was at the Grand Central station and it was like an outhouse. It reeked of urine and guys were just pissing wherever they went. And you think, what were they thinking? They were going to tear this thing down? And it couldn't be nice? Why couldn't it be nice 20 years ago when I moved here? The city had no money. The city had a gazillion dollars then. How do you like this Dow Jones going to 10,000? I'm still living in a dump. I'm so afraid to go near the market because even vaguely, if I put money in the bank, it drops. You'll never see cash in your lifetime. Kiss my ass. I send money to get it to a friend of mine. I'm sorry about that. Stock mare. I'm really sorry guys. I think we caught it. I hope so. It only took two and a half hours to curse today. But he does the stocks that I sent. Just a mutual fund. As soon as I sent it in, it went. What happened here? Louis is in the middle of telling a story. Who are you? I'm Tara. Good. How are you? Are you talking from Venus with that delay? Are you wearing a saloon or a waterhead? You just completely wrecked our show. I was just calling for the collect the salt tickets. We gave those away. You did? Yeah. To Irene from Staten Island. The comedy timing can be picked right up where it was left off. That's okay. You guys picked up. I don't know what happened. It's our phone system. Do you have anything else? Actually, when you guys had Sammy Hager on, name it as tequila. Something like that. We have a website, redrocker.com. It has all about us tequila on there. Okay. Sorry, Louis. Look at him. I didn't even know him. It was like a stroke. You're going along and things are really snappy. Then there's this woman, hi, I'm Tara. Then a big white light appears. Then you're in a bed. Then you're peeing yourself. Just like our show. You're right. That was good though. Certainly humility is something to learn here. Wow. I didn't really care if Grand Central. I don't care anymore. I wish they hadn't fixed it up. Turned it into a mall. What a mess. Then they wonder why our show is off the kilter. People call up, well, it used to be a better show. When people didn't call and just go quack, quack, honk, honk. I was looking for tickets. I was looking for a subway pass. Oh man. You're on a roll too. It was alright though. It's always a pleasure to have you in. You have carte blanche anytime. Lewis Black from The Daily Show. I saw a play last night. If you enjoy this show and you're twisted enough to listen to this. Betty's summer vacation at Playwrights Horizons. I rarely tell people to go to the theater because then they turn to me and go, What are you, a sissy? But I'm telling you, it's a funny play. It's one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It made me scream. It's about the level of dysfunction in this society. It's basically just about how we've just completely snapped. It's basically about the fact that, you know, it's like what we guys talk about here. The need for the amount of junk that we have. You know, 500 hours of news. The public as a whole, just can't get enough garbage and crap. And that's really what the play is about. It's about the level of crap that is coming out towards us. And it's done in a way that's hysterical. And I just made it sound stupid. Yeah, some guy writes and pens this. It takes a couple of hours. And let me tell you, it's a very funny play. It takes a couple of hours. Let me sum this up in 30 seconds. There it is. I read this book, it's great, about this guy with a peg leg looking for a whale. It's good. Good start, cute start. All right. It was great, guys. Make sure you catch Lewis Black every Wednesday on The Daily Show. Thursday, next week. It's Academy Awards week, so they have a special... Oh, I thought it was St. Patty's Day or something. Well, that too. I'll be liquored up. I'll be completely in the clamor. I always like to have my... I go out there and celebrate religiously. I go to the temple and liquor up. 1027 WNAW, the Rock of New York. Ozzy Osbourne shot in the dark in the Black Crows before that. Only a fool from by your side. Only a fool from by your side. It's Opie and Anthony. I'm going to get my headphones fixed. I'm calming down a little bit. I just had Lewis Black on the radio. We love when he stops on by. We completely lose control when he's in here. Well, he's out of control. There's no reining him in. No, he's one of the funniest guys out there right now. He just goes off on a tear and that's it. You let him run. I'm going to be coming Thursday this coming week. Just watch the Daily Show and check out Lewis. He'll make you crap your pants, man. I'll be later on in the show. Bob Hope will be stopping in. I'm hearing rumors about that. Why would Bob Hope want to stop by our show today? Well, there's G.I. Joe. G.I. Joe by Hasbro is putting out commemorative G.I. Joe's these days. One they're putting out now is the Bob Hope doll. Come on. That's what we did for the troops during the USO shows. Now, is it the young Bob Hope or the old Bob Hope? I don't know. We'll have to talk to Bob about that. He's really going to be walking through that door? Oh, of course. How long you think? Let me take a look over there. It'll probably be another 15 minutes or so. Yeah, it could be. It's also FU Friday. If you want to give us a call, that's cool. Do you want to try the phones again? They've been a little wacky today. We could give them a try. People are angry, I've noticed. We got the great story today off the phones with the little girl masturbating in the Catholic classroom. That was pretty intense. I don't think anyone's going to beat that story. Hi, N.E.W. You know the problem that you guys have? I got a problem with that bomber man on N64. It is not exactly adrenaline rush, but it is just an awesome game. All right, man. Get out and smell the flowers occasionally. Me? Hi, N.E.W. I got a big FU to the traffic on the Triborough Bridge. It's bad to hear that. I'm going to go to the bus stop. I got a big FU to the traffic on the Triborough Bridge. It's bad today? It's bad every day, though. Friday, everyone's trying to leave. I don't know what the hell it is. It's not like we're going out to the Hamptons or anything. It doesn't matter. You're trying to leave the city. It's horrible every day, right? Good luck to you. We're coming up in a little while, all right? Who's on the warm line? Steven Lynch? Steven! Hello? What's up, guys? I'm doing all right. I'm calling from my parents' house in Michigan. You're in Michigan? I'm on the radio. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. Thank God I'm on the air when she said that. You're a big rock star now. What are you doing hanging out with Mom? I'm not a rock star. What are you talking about? You should be banging broads in a hotel right now. What do you think hanging out with Mom really means? Oh, that's what it is. Oh, yeah. I'm hanging out with Mom tonight. What are you doing in Michigan? My dad is doing a benefit concert tonight. I flew home for two days to see the show. What kind of benefit show does your dad do? What does he do? He and his buddy from the 60s have a little singing group. They're going to do a show for a scholarship fund. Kind of a Peter, Paul and Mary type thing? Exactly. It's all making sense now. See what the acid does to the offspring? All right, Michigan. Well, for our listeners in Michigan, you can go to that. I think I'm the only one, man. Really? I don't think they can pick it up out here. Hey, Steven, can we talk to your mom? No. I'm the feeder of the lions. He's behind the music with Steven Lynch. You get to talk to his mom. I know what's under your bed. Does she keep your room exactly like it was when you left? Yes, it is. What kind of posters do you have on your wall right now? I think I've got a Journey poster. A couple Led Zeppelin black velvet posters. Yeah, those are cool. You turn on the black light and it glows. That's pretty sad. It's always good to come home. So later on this month you're playing three nights at what, Caroline's? Yeah. But actually what I wanted to get out today is that I'm actually doing a benefit concert tomorrow. With a bunch of other comedians at the West Best Theater. In Michigan? That would be there in New York City. I'll be back in time for that. What time is that at? Tomorrow night? Yeah. I don't know the exact address, but you can call the West Best for details. I was just kind of thrown into it. It's going to be a good show I think. It's for a worthy cause. There's a few different charities that all the money is going to. It's part of a week-long festival of St. Patrick's Day type events. Look at you chip off the old block with your benefits. Your dad's not in the Bay City Rollers, is he? He's in Grand Funk. We saw the behind the music Grand Funk on TV. That was great. Question Mark and the Mysterians were from my hometown here in Saginaw, Michigan. Really? I remember the 96-tier guys. Of course. How about that? TV Wonder and Question Mark and the Mysterians. Very nice. That guy believes in aliens. I learned that on Behind the Music. No one knows his real name still to this day. What is that, a small town you're in? It's pretty small. I'm getting out of here. Are you going to the local gin mill to talk about high school days? I think that will be tonight. Isn't that the worst? They talk about that big play when they were the tight end for the football team. All my friends are still here. They're still living it eight years later. It's going to be pretty depressing. How's New York? I'm getting out again tomorrow. When are you coming in to do a few more songs? Any time. I'll be back tomorrow. That's fine. We'll start pumping the Carolines gigs later on this month. You've got to do that song we heard at Carolines that we never heard before. A brand new one that he'll perform on our show. I'll do whatever one you want me to do. You're playing a benefit concert tomorrow. You don't know how to get there. You really don't know the name of the place. The name again? West Best Theater. It's downtown. It's our buddy Stephen Lynch. I guess we've got to play one of your songs now. That's how it works. I don't know where it's queued up to. Off your CD Half a Man? It is. We don't care. We're going to play the pre-song that has been banned on our show. I like that spirit. We'll see you soon. Take it easy. Alright Anthony, Priceline.com. You haven't named your own price at Priceline.com yet. Thousands of people use it every single day. That's because Priceline is the best way on or off the Internet to save on airline tickets, hotel rooms, and now home mortgages as well. Anthony, call me with chips in my mouth. Well, I hope William Shatner is ready. You've probably heard William Shatner talking about Priceline.com. Yes, let me grab the copy. Just listen to what Priceline's customers have to say. Dear Priceline, thanks to you I saved about $1,000 in airfare. Or this customer, I saved over $300 on tickets. Or this one. The best thing about Priceline is that it's free. And so easy anyone can do it. Even that moron Sulu. That's right. Priceline.com is easy. Just tell Priceline where and when you want to go and how much you want to pay. And in just one hour you'll find out if your offer was accepted by Priceline.com. That's one of your earth hours. Here's the bottom line. Priceline really is a great way to save money on your next trip. Whether it's airline tickets or hotel rooms, you owe it to yourself to find out what all the excitement is about. For details, visit Priceline on the Internet at www.priceline.com. Or give them a call at 1-800-Priceline today. This is going to be big. Really big. What a mess we've got going on today. This is the type of show we like to do on FU Friday. It's Opie and Anthony and whoever else will stop by the studio. Bob Hope on the way. Is that true, Anthony? Yeah, some kind of new Bob Hope doll. Hopefully we'll hear from him next. How are you doing over there? Oh, half a page. The Rock in New York, 1027W, N.A.W. That's local H&M bound for the floor. Off there as good as Dead CD. First time we're playing that here on N.A.W. On our show anyway. It's Opie and Anthony. It's FU Friday. Things are going quite well. We're out of the box really fast today. Man, time's cranking. It's already six. That's amazing. We did a lot of talking today. Well, Anthony, you're right. You see that ad? Yeah. What is this? From TV Guide? Yeah, I want to get one of these. In TV Guide, the insider, after a career of playing for the troops, Bob Hope is now available to really play. The 95-year-old honorary veteran of the armed forces has been immortalized as a collectible Hollywood hero G.I. Joe Doll. A G.I. Joe Doll. And a spokesperson says we've heard how much he likes it. Yeah, right. They've been talking at this point. He's transparent now. I didn't know they were making these specialty G.I. Joes. They've been making them for years. I used to buy them in the hobby shop. It was called the Invisible Man. Remember? You used to build the model with the insides. He's translucent. He had a Hasbro collector's edition G.I. Joe's. And one of them is the Bob Hope doll. I can't imagine a lot of people going to rush out to get the Bob Hope G.I. Joe. I checked one website, sold out. Really? People are buying these things. They think they're collector's items. Everything now is a collector's item. Like the Beanie Babies! You know, they think it's a... The problem with the Beanie Babies, it sounds like it's a rare one, but thousands upon thousands of people are buying them. They've only made $800 billion of these fluffy The Bunnies! Now you've got to hope that just about every one of them loses them. Except for you, and then yours will be worth a lot of money. Each one numbered! So everyone's collecting these things. Now the Bob Hope collector's edition G.I. Joe. Everyone's hopping on the collector's bandwagon. He's making his way into the studio. Hey, can someone help me over here? He's taking his time. I'm a little blind, Joe. Kevin, move all the chairs and microphones out of Bob Hope's way here. Yeah, I've got to tell you, boy. Hey, how you doing? Hey, Mr. Hope, how are you? Hey, hey, what's up over there? No, no, no, the microphone's over here. Ow! No, Bob. Turn around, your microphone's right in front of you. Hey, how about them cataracts, huh? Well, they're a bitch, let me tell you. Grr! Yeah, they got my G.I. Joe Bob Hope doll coming out. They wanted to put out a Beanie Bob Hope. Yeah, something gushy. They call it a poopy hope or something. But no, G.I. Joe hopped on a bandwagon. Made a G.I. Joe doll. Yeah, look, I'll hold it up here. See, the eyes are authentic cataract blood red. That's how you tell it's a real authentic Bob Hope G.I. Joe doll. I see that, Mr. Hope. Yeah, that's all. I got a couple of features. This one's the Bob Hope with the arthritic grip. Look, see, I press the button and it screams in pain and drops whatever it's holding. Watch, watch. Ow! See that? Look at that. It's called the arthritic grip. I guess it's a takeoff on the Kung Fu grip from years back, huh? Yeah, say what? Oh my God. Who? Yeah, I got to tell you, boy, I used to help the troops out in Vietnam. That's why G.I. Joe's putting out a Bob Hope doll. And I have some military experience over there. You do? Yeah, that's why they gave me the removable colostomy bag grenade. You throw it like napalm and it explodes. My colostomy bag and a detachable prostate grenade. It looks like a pineapple. Just like grenades. I used to call them a pineapple, remember? Now my prostate looks like one. I remember. Each one, hand-painted liver spots all over it. Look at me, I'm speckled. Look like a cheetah. Yeah, it's a killer. You get the whole Bob Hope collection. Here's my wife, Dolores doll. Look at this one. Let me take her pants up. Look, see dust in the crotch. My wife, Delilah Sol, she couldn't get wet snorkeling. Arr! And here, look, here's the Bing Crosby doll. Remember, we used to do those road films. Me and Bing. Look, here it is. Oh, wow, look at that. Look, stiff as a board. Just like Bing. Yeah, he's been dead, you know. Arr! Okay, and here's my talking Bob Hope G.I. Joe doll. Are you going to pull the string for us? Yeah, don't pull the string. Hey, how about a big hand for Bobby Burton? Hey, look at that. Oh, my eyes are bleeding. See, here's the talking Bob Hope G.I. Joe doll. Koochie Koochie, how about that charo? See, it's all authentic claps of Bob Hope. Hey, Bob Hope. Hey, someone changed my colostomy bag. It's loose. How about that one? Maybe I can pull it for a couple more. I love that Brooks Hill. I don't need Viagra with that Brooks Hill. Arr! Isn't it true you need Viagra just to take a leak? Hey, who told you that, Dolores? How about that? My eyes are bleeding. Yeah, you said that already. Can't see so good. Hey, are you going to make another road film with Bing Crosby? Yeah, on the road to the cemetery. Yeah, he's dead. Arr! I'll tell you, boy, it's embarrassing being this blind. Yeah, one time I went down on Frank Sinatra's wig. Thought it was Dolores. Arr! Arr! Arr! My prostate hurts. I don't want to talk in G.I. Joe doll. So pick up your G.I. Joe Bob Hope doll. Yeah, we're all going to run out and get that, Mr. Hope. Arr! Hey, look, the Sammy Davis Jr. doll. Look at that. That's part of the collection. I didn't see that. Yeah, watch. Where? Watch, you pull the string, look. Yeah. His eye falls out. Come on. Look at that. Look, it pops back in. See now, I pulled the string. Look, his eye fell out. I tell you, another year, there's going to be a feature on mine. Both eyes are going to pop right out of my head. That's pretty bad. I got cataracts. Can't see so good. Yeah, you said that. Arr! My eyes are bleeding. All right. Thank you. Thank you to the people of Hasbro. Yes. For putting me in a doll.