 The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW, Two for Tuesday with Van Halen. That's pound cake. We'll send that out to Monica Lewinsky. Ho ho! That's Zane Tastrifical. First funny of the day, everyone. Ho ho! Everyone can't wait to see the interview with Barbara Walters tomorrow night. Yeah. They just showed a commercial on TV and you see Monica's lips moving and stuff, but I'm just not hearing what she's saying because you're just thinking everything else. Yeah, you look at her, you look at her face, which I must say they've done a good job with. Man, they could pretty up anyone on TV, huh? She kind of looks cute in a chubby chaser kind of way. Well, she's a slob, but I mean, you know. Yeah, when you see her in the pictures in the paper where the photographers get her coming out of a restaurant, which she does a lot of, those pictures don't look half as good as how they whipped her up for Bab's show. Yeah. You do look at those full lips and you're not listening to what's coming out of them, you're thinking about what went in them. It's true. So she's got that interview. Boy, I'm glad I saw the commercial for it. I might have missed it. I really haven't heard much about this interview. Yeah, I don't even know when it's on or anything. I got in trouble this morning with Jen. Every morning I wake up and all she hears out of my mouth is negativity. Negative to everything on the TV. I'm screaming at the TV, negative, negative, negative. And I'm like, Hey, look at what you're watching. Rosie, first of all, first Regis and Kathy Lee, then Rosie, and then the view. So the view, I'm, I literally am like a madman. I'm screaming at the television. The view is of late. The view is now an infomercial for Barbara Walters interview with Monica. So they all get get on and Barbara's sitting there and they all gush over Barbara. Barbara, you've done such a wonderful job. This is an exclusive. It's fabulous. Oh my God. Unbelievable. And she sits there going, well, I don't really want to hype this too much. But thank you very much. The hype is getting a widow out of control, but it's very sweet of you. And they're just, they're just gushing and sucking up. Oh, oh, like, like, like two dogs that meet on the street. They got their noses firmly nestled under the tail. Just snug, the nussling and lapping, lapping her butt. It's just horrible. And it's so phony. She wants it hyped. Then she says on the view this morning, well, it's a fascinating interview. If it wasn't so fascinating, we probably wouldn't have carried it. Yeah, right. Let's just blow off Monica Lewinsky's interview. You know, they're all a bunch of phony. So when I start bringing this up and the only person in the house is, you know, Jennifer and the cats, the cats don't mind my negativity. Jennifer does. She starts just getting on me about how I'm negative. You know, that's where you got to call me. Yeah. Because I get the same thing going on in my house. We should have like the bat phone where it just rings in each other's house because we want to be really negative. The red phone under that glass dome that you picked up that Alfred used to get. The negativity phones. You know, you pick it up. What? You see this fat idiot? Yeah, we need that. We should. It's horrible. And then like all the hypocritical crap coming out of people's mouths like Star Jones and Joy Behar. Just bull crap. Just crap. And I comment on it and Jen calls me negative. Yeah. We should get a show on TV for just guys. Yeah. A show just like The View but it's a bunch of guys sitting around. Oh, how fast would that be off the air? No, it's all fun. It's fun for them to get on and just man bash. Just man bash. But could you just picture a bunch of guys sitting around, skull call it like hanging out or scratching and burping or something. And you talk about that. How about, did you get any last night? Ho ho! Let me tell you. I was knee deep in pie last night. It would be off the air. We interrupt this program which will no longer be air. So I'm negative. I'm sorry but what can I do? I should turn on CNN and watch some Death and Destruction. It will make me more positive. Well the problem is though, daytime TV before we come to work revolves around ladies. Right. What show do we have to look forward to before we come to work? Jerry. Jerry, that's it. Exactly. What else do we have though? You've got the soap operas, you've got Lisa, who cares? All the cushy little, cushy, wishy, gushy talk shows. Rosie, Rosie's not made for guys in general. No. Oof. Well I know. I've seen many guys on the Rosie show. Ever see when she brings her hairdresser up? Hello! Woo! I love when they drag guys out of the audience on the Rosie show. It's the same thing. Rosie, I brought you a sweater from our club. Thank you, thank you very much. It's wonderful, it's from our club. It's Fisters, we call it. You know, and... Chubby Fisters. It's the Chubb Club. Very good. I've cut down on my portion, Rosie, so I'm losing the weight, but I'm not cutting down on meat. Oh, we're going to have fun today. We are just getting warmed up, ladies and gentlemen. So I'm not negative now, I'm positive. I'm so positive that I'm negative. All right, you know the deal. The Facts Line, we love Facts, it's 212-957-W-A-W. And if you're at work and you're online, you know, making believe you're working and hoping the boss doesn't look over your shoulder, just click on our pictures through the W-A-W website, okay? And then you'll know where to go from there. Tony from Queens writing here, in some feedback. I am, as we speak, becoming an official member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Thanks for the inspiration. I enjoy your show and really enjoy the Sharpton schtick. Ah, Reverend Al Sharpton's song later on today on the program. Yes, so I have to go now because my hands are starting to shake and it's becoming more and more difficult to concentrate. I'm in it now and I will be an official member. Thanks. Yahoo! Thank you, Tony from Queens. How can he type while he's doing that? AnthonyPriceline.com. Ah, I guess if you're looking to become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club and you need a place to go, you might want to try to get a cheap hotel room. Nice seg open. Thank you. We like doing our little wacky segways here. Of course. And why bother, you know, paying full price for a hotel room? You can call Priceline at 1-800-Priceline or visit the website of Priceline.com, name your own price for the hotel room and they will give you the price that you want. How about that? Why would you pay full price when Priceline will get you your price? Thank you. And if you use their service, you get a free hotel room. Can't beat it. Free night, yes. All right, so if you're going away in the near future or you need a little romantic getaway to happen and you want to save some money, we all want to save money. Yes. The Rock of New York 1027W, any W to Tuesday, cold shot and pride and joy. Steve Ray Vaughn on the way. We got a couple from the doors and the black crows by request. Next, you're hanging with Hope and Anthony. Hey, we got Alan on the line here. Alan, what do you got? Oh, Anthony, what's up? Hey, I just want to tell you guys rule and life is either really good for me. I'm the luckiest guy in the world or my wife is a space alien. Why? What happened? Let's see. After buying me a 73 Barracuda, 73 worked Barracuda 340 for wedding present, she informed me tonight, called me today, told me I'm going to become a member of the Tuesday Night Hammer Club tonight. All this now, mind you, a week before she's getting her D implants at her request, not mine. So I don't know whether to be really happy or like wait and try to pull her face off while she's sleeping to see the alien underneath. Davis, this is truly the luckiest man in the world. I don't know which way to go with this. You're kidding, right? Plus, she is telling me that I can't retire from playing in my rock band. She wants me to keep playing. Oh my God. Wait, how long have you been married? We're going on five years. Oh wow. She's a man, baby. You sure she doesn't have a penis? No, actually she looks like a young Lonnie Anderson without the stupid hair. All right, so let me get this straight. She gives you a muscle cramp. She's got a muscle cramp. She's got a muscle cramp. She's got a muscle cramp. She's got a muscle cramp. She's got a muscle cramp. She's got a muscle cramp. All right, so let me get this straight. She gives you a muscle cramp as a wedding gift. Oh, awesome. You've got to see this thing. She's inducted you into the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. No, she is tonight. Okay. She's getting breast implants in a week. Yes. And she wants you to continue playing in your rock band. Yes. That says that I'm saying I don't know whether to be ecstatic or worried. I don't know. I think she has something to tell you. I'll tell you guys, you're the best. You make my drive home from work every day way better than it would have been. I appreciate it. And could you guys do me one big favor? Yeah. I don't know if you can. A request. Hit it. In lieu of the reunion, could you guys play one Iron Maiden song? Iron Maiden? Iron Maiden? Yeah. One of those. Back together, Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith came back and they're going out on the road this summer. What do you want to hear? Like... Right to the hills, right to the hills. Oh, please, not that version, Opie. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. Not that version, Opie. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. I tried to get you guys last Friday to give a big hand. How about like Number of the Beast or something? How about like Number of the Beast or something? Anything. I was just trying to call you last Friday to give an FU to K-Rock because they always claim different rock that's on K-Rock. Meanwhile, they play the lamest garbage in the world. That's right. It's on K-Rock. That's what they say. I was coming home from the Black Crow Show Saturday night. Yeah. I was listening to a disco station. So then I turned it over to Eddie Trunk. Do you hear what we're doing on Saturday nights? No. Just tuning in, trust me. Saturday nights at 10 to 2 a.m., Eddie Trunk's on the air just jamming and rocking. I don't have to listen to that. It's how the stations should sound 24 hours a day, to be honest with you. In our opinion. Tell me when they say that. Like a while back when kids really psyched up, they said, Number one request is to go to the disco. They never played it. Not once. But if it rocks, it's on K-Rock. You've got to listen to us. We were jamming that song every other hour. I was listening to you guys all the time. All right, man. But they're arrested today. I don't listen to any really radio stuff. All right, Alan. Can you please remain? You got it. All right, man. Thanks for calling you guys' rule. Alan. Hey, dude. Dude, man. Ah, he hung up. Is my button pulling? Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It's pushed. It's pushed now. Son of a ... Who keeps pushing that ... I don't know. We got a ... Goddamn button off. There's a jock that works here that's really pompous and has decided that only he should talk to callers because it's hard to explain, but obviously, I and I are on different microphones and you have to have these buttons down to talk to the callers. So if my button isn't down, the caller can't hear me. Not at all. So I'm talking and I might as well have my ass in my mouth. So every day, we've got to remember to push the button back down. They used to be down all the time, but now they're not because someone has decided that ... I don't know. Had a great little gag about how his wife was calling him about a threesome, but Jesus, he wasn't going to hear it. Well, maybe he'll call back. Oh, screw it. I'm disgusted now. All right. Phil from Staten Island writes, so here I sit and I hear on the radio about this guy who's becoming a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club while typing to you guys. What kind of losers online and typing to Opie and Anthony while getting a Hummer? I love you guys, but not that much. That's pretty good. All right, listen. We got the Tuesday Night Hummer Club song from Steven Lynch that he debuted last week on our show. He made a song just for us. Yes. You want to try to do that before four o'clock? 1027 WNAW, the rag of New York. Two for Tuesday, the Rolling Stones, Let It Bleed, and She Was Hot. Hey, Opie and Anthony. Hey. There's some great stuff to talk about. Did you hear about the zoo worker who loses his finger in chimp attack? Yeah, that's interesting. We'll get into it a little later, Anthony. But I do believe we have the phone number of the guy that lost a finger and a half and part of his nose because a chimp attacked him in Salt Lake City. Really? We're going to get that person on the line. Oh, my goodness. The actual person? A little later in the show, yes. The actual person. I wonder who it'll sound like. I have no idea. We love monkey stories on this radio show. Any type of chimpanzee story drives us crazy. Every person in America is trying to interview the guy that got injured in the chimp attack and I believe once again we'll have an exclusive for you. Goodie. All right? All right. Hey, you know, we're getting a ton of email and instant feedback and faxes and stuff on the Playboy pictures of Sable. I got to thank, shoot, I don't have it in front of me. I think it's T. T from New Jersey gave us a little heads up. If you go to www.latestwrestlingnews.com slash pwp, you get to see the pictures of Sable from WWF Naked. They got the Playboy pictures. I'm surprised they didn't get a Ceaseless Desist order from Playboy on this one. Yeah, interesting, huh? Latest Wrestling News. All one word, no spaces. Latest Wrestling News dot com slash pwp. And then when that page is up on your computer, go to the right side, you'll see where it says Sable's Playboy pics are here. Where is it? Sable, oh here it is. Under Earthunder and all that. Sable, yeah. Look at these pictures. Oh. Look at these pictures. Oh cool, they got thumbnails now too. Well, you get to see the whole spread. She's got one, two, three, four. She's got like twelve pictures in this Playboy issue. When does it come out? Next week? Some spread. Yeah, I think next week. All right. Wow. She looks, you know a lot of girls, they take the clothes off, they don't look as good. She looks pretty good with the clothes off. She looks better with her clothes off. Because I was stupid enough to say, you know what, I don't think she's that hot. She shows it all too. She is smokin'. She's revealing the thatch. Yeah, I see that. Yeah, that's kind of an interesting pattern, isn't it? Yeah, she's doing something a little wacky there. It's a very long exclamation point, I guess. Landing strip. To the Pleasure Airport. Yeah. That's a huge exclamation point. That's what it is. Isn't that what it is? It is what it looks like. It's a little thicker up here and then it kind of narrows out. See the four pictures kind of at the bottom? Yeah. All fours. Yep. Getting that ooh face. She's got the ooh face. Well, you know, if you listen to our show on a regular basis, you know that we like to talk about the WWF. We just love wrestling. We think it's hysterical. It's fun. It's goofy. And we found out that Sable was going to be in Playboy and we wanted her to be on our show desperately. I mean, desperately. We tried everything. We called her people and actually got in touch. Rick got in touch with Sable, our producer, and booked her for our show. It was booked. Yep. She was booked, right, Rick, for what? This Thursday? Yeah, she was booked for Thursday afternoon. And then all of a sudden about say an hour later, I got a call back from the Playboy's people and they said that we're not allowed to have her on Thursday afternoon. I wonder why. I wonder why. Well, let's get right to it. Howard Stern. Yeah. Howard Stern. Because Sable is going to be on Howard's show Friday, he demanded that she does no other show before his. Yep. Which is kind of funny because Howard has told all his listeners that we only have three listeners. Yeah, so what's the big deal? So what would be the big deal if she was on our show Thursday before she was on his show this Friday morning? That doesn't sound like something he'd do, playing hardball with guests, does it? That sounds like something if you watched the movie Private Parts that like Mr. I Amus would do to Howard. See, you've got to be more like Mr. I Amus. See, that seems something like more like I Amus would do to the Howard of the movie than Howard would do to an up-and-coming, struggling radio show that isn't even competing in the same time. Plus, he said it. You know, we didn't say it. He said that we only have three listeners. So what's the deal? Why can't we have Sable? No one would hear our interview with her. Right. I think the three people listening would enjoy it and then he can have it. But I guess Don Stern put the cabochas on this one. Don Stern, you hold your guests in your pockets like so many nickels and dimes. Don Stern, you must let us all draw from the well. If we are to survive, we cannot face a war. We cannot go to the mattresses. You must let us draw from the well, Don Stern, the well of guests that you hold in your pockets like so many nickels and dimes. Please, Don Stern, allow us to draw from this well so we may enhance our show. Don Stern, we ask you this favor. May we please have Sable on our show. Don Stern, you are powerful Don Stern in New York City. You are the head of the most powerful radio family in New York City. So, Don Stern, we come to you asking for a piece, some of your guests, Don Stern. Must you keep them from us? We struggle. We are trying to make a foothold here. If you could, please, Don Stern, allow us this one favor. And we may someday repay you with a favor, Don Stern. Unfortunately, I think we are like Luca Brasi on this one. We are going to be swimming with the fishes. We are going to have the piano wire around our neck. You know, Sonny wouldn't have died if he had easy pass. If only my boy had easy pass. Look how he massacred my boy at the toll booth. Can you see like the hit squad waiting at the side? Sonny just, ding, the gate goes up and drives through. Son of a bitch! That's a great ad for easy pass. It sure is. Sonny Corleone. They just have the clip from the movie. So, please, Don Stern, you must allow us to draw from the well. That's not going to happen, obviously. But he's got Sable. We wanted Sable. We had her booked. And we got Saru. They played hardball. Yeah. Well, I guess they need the ratings over there more than we do. I can't even say that with a straight face. I guess for now on we've got to start talking about the WCW and the ECW. Screw WWF. I don't know if it's their fault, Opie. How could it be their fault? I think Playboy is carting her around. Well, if you want to check out the pictures for free, go to www.latestwrestlingnews.com. Latest Wrestling News. No spaces. Latest Wrestling News. No spaces. Dot com slash P W P. And you'll get to see the pictures of Sable from the WWF naked before they, you know, appear on newsstands. It's great. You could check out the Sable spread and her pictures. These pictures are so hot. Oh, look at the one with her little towel that says Sable. Let me see. Let me see. Some kind of an ass man. Oh, oh yeah. Wow. What do you think of that? Wait a minute. Let me see this. Holy mackerel. Look at that. That is a fun. Yeah. And look, it really does show the exclamation point. Yeah. See the picture on the left definitely shows the exclamation point a lot better. So yeah, what's your favorite picture? You think my favorite picture? Well, the ass picture is great. I think the off but on all fours is pretty neat. That's a good one. Which one? The all fours. But I don't know. Also the standing up, the one that shows her entire body with the legs and everything all straight standing up with the flowers. Oh, with the flowers. Oh yeah. That's a good one. Oh yeah. Looking good. Yeah. Sable, you will face Luna in a rug killer match. All right. Let's move on to figuring out better things. Yeah. There you go. Sable. Who won't be appearing on the Opie and Anthony show. Might as well give Howard a plug like he needs it. She'll be on Howard show Friday morning. Great. She thinks. Listen to what she might have said on our show. All right. Two for Tuesday continues with REM next. Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Ah. They're back in advertising with us again. I guess they were very happy with our Valentine's Day response here. Well, the ladies that were sent these Vermont Teddy Bears were very happy for Valentine's Day. And now they're on board for? For whatever. For whatever reason. Whatever reason. You want to send a bear. A bear gram gift is the easiest way to deliver a message and make someone feel great. When you place your bear gram order, your loved one will receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont with a personalized card and a chocolate treat and a colorful gift box. Great for birthdays. Yes. Sending a bear gram gift is a creative change of pace from flowers and will be enjoyed forever because Vermont Teddy Bears are guaranteed for life. You can send someone a bear gram gift for any occasion. Welcome a new baby in the world. You can even have their name embroidered on the bear. That's on the bear's bib. That's cool. You can send a get well wish through a bear. You can celebrate a birthday. You can say I love you or happy anniversary with a bear. And they got hundreds of bears to choose from, including the business bear, the pregnancy bear. That's pretty cool. These are new bears I never heard of before. The teacher bear, the nurse bear, snowboarder bear, call and ask a bear counselor. What else they have and they'll hook you up. You call them up and tell them something about your lady and then they'll suggest some bears for you. The last time I sent a bear gram personalized, please share your most. Oh, very cool. To place a bear gram war to call a world famous bear counselor at 1-800-829-BEAR. That's 1-800-829-BEAR. And the very cool thing, it only takes five minutes to order one of these things. Very quick. Yeah. And they guarantee overnight and Saturday deliveries. The Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Give them a call right now. One oh two seven W-N-E-W, the Rock of New York. R-E-M from up, that's Lotus. And the one I love before that, it's Opie and Anthony. Thanks for checking us out. We really appreciate that. Yes. Every one. Yes, we do. Thank you. All ten of you. We're having fun today. Got to say hi to all the members of the Tuesday Night Armor Club. Seems like a lot of people are getting inducted today. Yeah. It goes in waves, you know. All of a sudden a lot of people call it in saying, hey, I'm a member. Becoming a member. Yes. Of course we do encourage people joining up during our show on Tuesdays. There you go. What's the deal with Maury's Tomb? Is that tonight? Tonight on Fox. Maury Povich. His tomb. He's opening up an Egyptian tomb there. It's a smaller pyramid by the Sphinx. And they're going to crack it open and see what's inside. First time it's been opened in 5,000 years. Can we put this in a little perspective? This is obscene to me. This is just obscene. Fox who brings you some of the quality programming that we enjoy, like the car chases, the desk, caught on tape, you know, it's fun TV. Now they're putting their camera crews into a tomb in Egypt that was a tomb of the Egyptian tomb in Egypt that was sealed up 5,000 years ago. So let's just say it was 3,000 years before Christ. I mean everything, the Roman Empire, all history you are aware of happened after this was sealed. Yes. It's been there throughout wars and famine and everything going on on this great earth of ours. And who gets to crack it open? Maury Pobit. Maury with Fox! Doesn't it degrade the importance of this a little bit? You know they're going to open up the tomb and Maury's going to go, Hey, Cotty, I found your ovaries. They're mummified. It just kind of undermines things a little bit. I don't know, just a bit. It's just kind of a little weird. Now how many people have come down with cancer because they're working on this project? I don't know, supposedly there's a curse? The curse of the tomb. The Discovery Channel always freaks me out. You know when they open up these tombs and he was perfectly healthy and he came down with cancer. Hello, perfectly healthy people get cancer every day. But it happens to a bunch of the people in there. Go figure, he's walking through a 5,000 year old tomb made of stone and a big rock falls on his head. It's a curse, right? Maybe it's just 5,000 year old rocks falling on his head. It's very mysterious. That should be exciting. Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. I hope he has better luck than Geraldo Rivera did back in 86 or whatever it was. When he opened up Al Capone's vault and it revealed nothing. Nothing. I don't know, there's got to be something in there. It was an actual tomb. Look, I'm Indiana Jones. Maury Povich Jones. Hopefully he'll walk in there with the camera crew, touch something and a huge boulder will roll down on top of him. And all those spears will come out. He'll have to run, run, run. While the cameras are rolling, I'm going to take this bag of sand and try to remove the head and put the sand on there as the weight. And here I go. Look, it worked. Look at me, I'm Maury. Has Jay Leno had any stupid jokes on this? I don't know, he probably has. I haven't heard any. Maury opens up the tomb and says, hey look, we found Joan Rivers' real face. All those hacked jokes, you know. I'm Indiana Povich. And Connie's womb of doom. Uh oh, I've got to go into Connie's womb. Look at the dust and cobweb. Ah, skeletons and bugs. Womb Raider 3. Let's see if we can get Connie pregnant. Look at the womb you have to enter, Dr. Jones. Dr. Povich. Womb Raider 3. The object, get Connie pregnant. That's impossible. Look at the mummy. The LSD really kicked in today. I wonder if he's going to wear the hat and everything, the jacket and have a whip. I bet he does something stupid like that. Look at me, Indiana Povich. Look, I'm going to swing from this stalagmite on my bullwhip. Watch. Falls to his death. That would make Raider. Raiders of the Lost Crotch. Connie. Uh oh, let me open up Connie's legs. Oh, snakes. I hate snakes. Short round. You go in there first. No way, Dr. Jones. I'm not going in there, Dr. Povich. That stinks. Come on, short round. This is top shelf stuff today. There you go, there's our Maury Povich break. There you have it. Uh oh, it's closing up. I've got to grab my hat before my arm gets caught. Okay, we've got a couple from Arrowsmith on the way. Keep the faxes coming. 212-957-WNEW. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, Tuesday with Arrowsmith. Now there's a good song for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, Lick and a Promise from Rocks. And what it takes before that, from Pump. A lot of nice Tuesday Night Hummer references. Of course. We're getting a lot of requests for this little ditty, so let's get it out of the way here. It's Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hum, Hum. Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hum, Hum. Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hum, Hum. Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hum, Hum. Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hum, Hum. Hummer Time, Hum, Hum. O B N S N A have a club on Tuesday. Open wide, it's time to play Hummer Time. Ask your wife politely to get down on her knees. Don't forget to say please because it's Hummer Time. Tuesday is a boring day, so take this tip from O and A. Have a ball, take to their soft. It's an auto free for all. It's bitter swallow, it's okay. Watch those teeth, it causes pain. Hey, don't worry, now can taste it's Hummer Time. Now can taste it's Hummer Time. Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hum chime And we'll have an exclusive. We'll have him on the air next. All right. All right. Sure. Sure. It's him and keep the instant feedback coming of America. One oh two seven W any W the rock of New York to for Tuesday. You too. Bullet the blue sky from the Joshua tree and New Year's Day from war. Of course. Hopey and Anthony on the way. We got Metallica and we got Zeppelin X. Well, we'll be getting the lead out next, Anthony. Well, I can't wait. So let's figure out what I guess if there's nothing else to do on the show, I'm saying get the lead out as an exciting thing to do. All right. I'm going to be a cricket. And I get the hiccups. All right. Great story. The paper today. I got the hiccups really bad. I'm never going to get through this. This will be. I look at you. You have the hiccups. You know how to cure that? How? You got to drink water through a napkin out of a glass. You know, it's a breath control thing. Everyone has their cure for hiccups. None of them work. I don't need the napkin anymore. You know what you got to do? Look, look, take small sips of water and swallow and alternatingly breathe in and out at erratic. They don't. What are you doing? No, you're you're doing it too fast to get it. You got to swallow. Breathe out real hard. Swallow a little more than breathe in like halfway. Screw it. We got a great story. You're never going to get through. Rick, take your water. Take your water. I'm going to help you out here. Oh, everyone. I got this stuff. Never works. Go put your mouth around it. Not the way you normally drink it. The other way. Come fully covering. And then you suck down. Oh, and we're going to take pictures for candy cameras or something. No, it's just so we can put your. You took all candy cameras. It's the father's old. He looks like he's doing fellatio on the bottle of water as Fanny Flair gives him instructions as if to rid him of hiccups and boring Amsterdam played the bumbling police officer. My lips all around. I'm not doing that. Not doing that. All right. I think he forgot about him. All right. I think they're better. I'm going to go ahead and show you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit part of his nose and suffered bites and scratches. Kim, the Zoo's new primates supervisor, threw herself on the man and suffered cuts and scrapes during the attack. Other employees fired shotguns at Chip and Happy who charged at a worker. Both Chimps were euthanized said, as he spoke, people who can. I have a shotgun probably. Well, yeah, they killed one. So so I believe we have such a budget on this radio show. we flew in the guy that lost a finger and a half and part of his nose and today i'm thrilled i can't wait to speak on self mark will open the door behind them we have we will uh... let the man in and see who the man is here he comes down the hall now by the three banged up and i don't know all the rest of the bandage here he comes through the door for a while and then uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... don't touch my nose you buffoon look at me look at what's happened to me my god you bit up my nose you bloody baboon look at this have happened i'm a mess damn you're really a mess now why would the chimpanzees attack you mr hashton i don't have a clue i was at the zoo i went to feed him and all of a sudden happy attacked me i had i had monkey bite marks all over my fingers god give me back my finger you damn dirty ape now wait wait wait wait you're just feeding the monkeys i was getting the little jim alright you're so cute and gutted you had to do like zero you had to do something you had to have done something no monkeys attacking you it was nothing i just but i was feeding him it was lovely tender moment me and a monkey all of a sudden they lost it i wasn't doing anything wrong you must have been doing something wrong what are you getting at they really lost it i don't understand what were you in the cage with the monkeys mr hashton alright you got me i was trying to partake in the delicacy that is monkey meat damn me to hell how was i to know that lovely little jimps would not be receptive to me touching that red ass that gorgeous red monkey ass it's a mess it's a madhouse a madhouse i should have stopped when it started throwing feces at me i was commenting and yearning for the taste of forbidden monkey meat all of a sudden i reached up grabbed some of that supple red soft monkey ass and they went crazy biting my nose off damn me i can't believe it i even taught it to smile nova nova the other one got mad because i told it man was here first you owe him your science your civilization whatever you've got and it ran after me biting off two fingers and a piece of the charred and hashton nose how can i ever do another movie without a nose i think they were hungry and they were attacking that creature that lives on the top of your head do you think that was it i've read a lot about jimps maybe they thought the fuzzy thing on my head that i call a toupee was the alpha male trying to hone in on its territory i didn't even think of it does look like a chimp on my head doesn't it it sure does looks just like dr zeus on my head that kind of silvery color just like zeus damn me why did i have to have taken monkey meat the ten commandments said nothing about coveting monkey meat i figured it was fair game till they laid their chimpanzee teeth into my nose ow damn well now i know they were to stick my nose where it doesn't belong you know why they bit my nose don't you no i cause it smelled like monkey meat i shouldn't stick the charred nose where it doesn't belong it's a good thing i hadn't taken off my loin cloth she might have gotten a hold of my charred chew as i like to call it my sweet candy bar that is the charred and chew damn me damn me ow ow alright can you leave now yes where's my chariot damn me why did i put jake in the monkey meat there he goes he's on his chariot did you see him yeah he's all bandaged up there he goes mr hestern everyone i didn't know it was chuck hestern you think they would have put that in the paper it's kind of strange every time there's a story about a monkey in the paper charlton hestern has something to do with it how about that very strange is it a coincidence sable booked we talk about wrestling all the time and uh... well they came back to us and said oh no sable will not be on your show because howard told us that she can't appear on any other show before his and conveniently enough she's got a flight back to wherever she's from friday after howard show so only howard will be talking to sable you know i i don't get it i remember many years ago listen howard being from uh... long island and here in bitching and complaining about people uh... you know i i i i that they can come on my show robin because uh... i've been a big band from a little another show you know here but now he's pulling the same hardball stuff of course he is and and they say we only have three listeners so what's the big deal of sable comes on here yet obviously they knew that uh... she was booked on our show and uh... you know howard was one of the who went on his show and said that we only had three listeners what's the big deal of sables on our show for three listeners and we watched the wrestling show we watch uh... w w f and i would like to ask her some questions about the behind the scenes stuff as we know it i mean not just you know while look at the cans on you about those robin they jacket like a piece of that i would do they don't like and who don't forget the lesbian questions and yeah it's gonna be released and every interview and what what what goes on back stage with the uh... lesbians who i like that i mean who you're not going to move and robin you step can't like that she got cut off jackie who uh... the some for a little bomb today about that anyway we want to turn our listeners on to uh... the pictures of sable naked they say below my wife just died you know and i like a piece of your money uh... so what is the playboy issue come out next week i think next week so we want all our listeners to check out the pictures for free yeah screw now or mad screw up by a playboy we can get a free right now well that's a howard thanks like is with the new york and he's not going on here sorry about that our i don't know you're allowed to burp and fart on the air anyway uh... you know we want to run up all our listeners onto the the pictures of sable for free and he word here is free free free screw sable screw the wwf and the website is w w w dot latest wrestling news dot com one word all put together latest wrestling news no spaces nothing latest wrestling news dot com slash p w p that's it and you'll get to see the pictures of sable and playboy for free for free free free okay and we got that address here at the studio for one you know call rick up or something right once again the w w w dot latest wrestling news all one word no spaces dot com slash pw p all right a lot of people on the answer feedback commenting about the pictures yeah they're just they're smoking pretty hot real hot so it would have been nice to us here live on on our show let's get back into the tunes yeah yeah we're going to give away that trip to see metallic on the west coast the details of it well i know i hate when people talk over the beginning of it the bill you got it you got a little bill you know i don't start over here in your car you didn't think you can't even think you can't even let you know yeah and then you like shot up they don't have a good one don't forget my the with the with the world just you got a good one of the seven w any double u r two for tuesday but i got a whiskey in the jar from garage a can anderson man from one of the best uh... albums of uh... the nineties black album when i come out to make about like nineteen ninety or so i'm trying to remember now ninety one ninety two ish nine was a ninety you look at the album you say how much more black this being answered is not in the non more black more black i just love the idea that they took it from spinal tap the black album here it is now the glove got one of my favorite movie i haven't seen in a while this is final ten it's time for another showing i believe yes definitely a favorite and we stayed in the same or another we had the same hotel is uh... a lot of the movie was filmed at what the hotel this twisted old fruit from justice court made me but i got a funny movie which have a showing well wanker which get all our listeners gathered this like show movies like that we could show like the other sister and spinal tap that be a great double feature we should do that have like movie night moving us something like fast times original high and stupid movies that we like to know that you have a check jessica talaga on the west coast details to come i guess one of these days one of these days or talk about the stones thing this week setting up a busload of people to see the stones in hard for it keep listening for details on that that's very cool people heard the uh... beveley hill billy's promo by now or else thousand-time is a cute promo the first hundred times a you know how radio is up you got a post these things yesterday at the end of the uh... let's take a look at instant feedback here we have any from jersey hey op inac regarding the opening of the egyptian to i agree who whoever picked more important for that i agree who picked more important for that i guess it could be worse could be jerry springer how about dice banner yoshi because a pretty funny thanks a lot of the anti-facts who is so dried up skipper is a mommy in here what is this a mommy who look like some broadside and i don't think that's what i work but more and it's just the grades the whole thing that sat there five thousand years sealed and more equal vision of fox and tv crew are going in there they're opening up tonight at eight and uh... probably finding uh... nothing nothing like alcapone's vaults well thank i will be commuting at this point you think he's going to do this you think more is going to just have of the wacky indiana jones had and that the letter jacket the whole way and just go around like you know it may be the deal like a little vignette of him walking down the corridors of that egyptian pyramid i'm indiana politics the laws are as dry as connie's wound well you know skeletons in here just like connie's wall greatest of the last crash they can't really found your ovaries in the air uh... they're mummified but look at him wrapped up county's will don't look at it don't look at it and will read her three new game for playstation i bet he's going to do some stupid things there as might be moving track i need a little sack of sand i'll take it on and grab the head run out i don't know if they're getting the uh... uh... i think so i think you'll be that corny that's gonna be pretty stupid tonight like the last time i here connie's wound snakes i hate snakes well you know uh... go around you know in first let me let me get my machete the after this match covering my god what is that this fallopian to have been using your fossilized indiana politics will read it through uh... doctor of politics that woman's been dead for years i've been watching tonight yet i bet he does some dopey indiana jones thing a silly little angle indiana public my whole life the fifth i'll be rapid around ovary i'll swing across the womb uh... uh... hollywood college clothing i just got my hat in time for a slam shot uh... brother mori eight o'clock tonight on the fox right they're advertising it as the super bowl of archaeology all will be let's have a party crack open some beers with science made sexy by music hi-tech camera work in speculation about deadly curses and pyramid power and they're going to make it like this music video looking format really is is what what they're going to do they're going to fox it up you know and have john madden with his uh... illustrator here he goes down the corridor is going to turn right here and there you have it i'll watch it i got second into the uh... her although alcapone's wall thing so on its second into this one near hopefully something in this thing what time zone uh... when when i get a watch will be driving home on eight tonight jim take that from which police and take that for us uh... everyone uh... is uh... standing by the one here the reverend al sharpton song and yes very popular song and uh... i will promise that we will play it after a two-fer from a cdc to get your taper at uh... tape decks ready because i don't know how many more plays we get out of this uh... what is going on with the second a cdc song uh... try that again uh... for a fresh second opinion call us at stanton island university hospital one eight hundred two eight five forty five eighty four one eight hundred two eight five four five eight four we got reprimanded for that bit yesterday come on you gotta admit and the guy probably uh... might not appreciate that true yesterday i'm sure it's a wonderful uh... place or again help and i guess i'm just a well the delivery and he's a little boost just a little bit stereo taxi surgery for treatment of metastasis in the night and on the party can always have to feed but back legs arms sero tactic radio surgery for cappuccino of the flake elbow click clack system at just one we're in trouble yet radioactive seed implant for cisco to one of the legs jake feet and asked but it's hard that's every time i got a lot of people it's a story out uh... stereo tactic radio surgery cocomonga of the intestine they've been dusted stop on that one of them i'm i'm sorry get back to the terms of safer that way the right of new york one of these seven w any w two for tuesday house and chains that's what from the dirt cd felt good and i'm nice and no excuses before that if we can play would we got to start playing in the box of was that the air and then that i love that we should make it into a uh... a three four watch a way for to break the two for tuesday role and throw in a third song from house and change all three for thursday for friday but don't afford for a planet scanner will see you next week so what's going on without some change i don't know you know lane uh... as his drug problems open as we all know and so far because everyone has the rumors about links daily yeah the like to do my friend he was in seattle and he saw a lane in a carter duties that are like seventy pounds man he had needles just hanging out of his arms man it was said i don't think he's going to make it to a poll did everyone has their their links daily sightings of my battle there in the studio that's what i heard cut it out read in the rolling stone there must be a rather than right freedom mister bill recording as another album what do you really scrooge share it with the entire out listening audience hoping i don't get it though all day what happened to chuck's trigger finger uh... from all of them is to be a he lost a finger in the chip attack we went with we have when chips attack fox talked about that earlier okay optional equipment to receive homer lobster bib in the pads stick you guys three seven monday to friday has never been this good scruple howard both of his shows suck jimmy not too far upstate pay i share now was much there i'm sorry uh... this is an interesting story battle of the talk show host anthony over and roseanne will arm wrestle while i guess they are muscle today was an over on the roseanne today i think so yeah at los angeles on the view to i think talking about how the issues can stay on television and i think the big question over who we have so stay cares of course will stay what else is she going to do these talk show host over winfrey roseanne usually just battle over ratings but they're about to battle over each other's muscles a spokesperson for the roseanne show says the two superstars actually engaged in arm wrestling match well roseanne was interviewing over for an episode of a talk show that air today they were they were arm wrestling wants to see that big sweaty cafeteria lady arms with the following the following flash hanging from the bottom and uh... my hand dissuaded armpit sweat grunting along the way and don't get the wrong idea the cat now prep up the night don't get the wrong idea the cat fight was a good natured rivalry spurred on by feisty roseanne with the loser donating ten thousand dollars to the winner's favorite charity anthony for the record buffed out oprah slammed roseanne's mitt to the man to have three matches which means over his angel network charity is now ten thousand dollars richer well that's the stupid i'd rather see them compare like blue not salt uh... uh... uh... i like yeah i think that the lunar baby if you ever saw one of their balloon you would be like looking at that you turned to stone 엘 born st be under this video too little satisfaction with him dating Good luck to you. Do they have another UFO show on tonight? Well it's what, Invasion Week on Discovery? It's still Alien Invasion Week? TLC, on the Learning Channel. Those shows are great. I saw the one with the guy who just so happened to have a camcorder with him every time a UFO showed up over his house. Oh, but how many UFOs have you ever seen in your life? Well Anthony, I've seen none. None? What a coincidence, because I've seen just about all, none, and how many have you seen? I've seen none. None. And this guy is on his rooftop with a camera. You should have seen the show. So I was up on my rooftop, I had my camera, and all of a sudden I see a flash of light in the sky. So I'm taping it, and it's a flying saucer. So about a week later, on the roof again with my camera, and I see a cigar shaped object come over the house. So I'm taping another UFO. Eight times this guy just happened to be walking with his camera and get a UFO. So they went to a place to see if it was legit, and it turns out one of the videos he taped off a television screen. And the guy's like, well this seems to be taped off a TV. I could tell by the smarking on the... Well, right, right. What happened was the original got chewed in the VCR, so I had to tape it off the telly and all of a sudden the tape exploded, some kind of a UFO thing. It was just babbling and it wasn't making sense. He was full of it. But I love the UFO shows. Of course. But I want some real clear video. The clear videos they do show, it's a hubcap on our string. It's like, oh look how clear. Hey, hubcap. Oh, we need to bring Nimoy back. Yeah, one or Nimoy. Those are great shows. What was the show called? In Search Of, right? In Search Of. In Search Of. The Loughness Monster. And the end of the show it was like, well he didn't show me anything. He didn't learn anything new. In Search Of, Sasquatch, Bigfoot. And they'd show that dopey footage of the guy that fell off the horse. And you see this guy in a monkey suit walking through the woods. That was the best footage when we were growing up though. And he always froze it right when he turned his head and looked at the camera. Oh, killing. The guy was in Search Of Bigfoot for all those years. He finally gets his shot and he falls off the horse. He falls off the horse and then does he run after Bigfoot? No. Taping? No, he sat there while Bigfoot turned, looked at him and walked away at a leisurely pace. Yeah. He could have ran after him. Haven't they proven that's a fake now? That's what they say. They say it was a guy in a suit and the Loughness Monster, the famous photograph of it. That really bummed me out. That face. They finally said that the guy who took the footage of the Loughness where you see the head in the distance just going across the lake. Yeah. When the guy was dying on his deathbed he admitted that it was a phony. It was fake. It was a piece of wood. That was such a bummer. I strapped a piece of wood to me blokes back and we filmed it. It's a fake. It's all like all bum because as a kid you always wanted to believe in it. True. Yeah. Alley Invasion Week learning channel. I think I'm watching that tonight. Yeah, that's a good one. All right, what do we got? We got a couple from David Bowie left. Not many facts today. No, huh? 1027 WNAW, the Rock of New York, Two for Tuesday, David Bowie, DJ, and the Loughness Monster. That was one of the first MTV videos. Yeah, if you remember correctly, right? In the lineup of the five that they used to play. I think they played about ten. They played ten and then showed a picture of the Apollo rocket taking off. And that would just loop and then they'd start back over at Blue West Occult burning for you. Yeah, it was burning for you, running with the shadows of the night. No, that was later. That was later? Yeah, that was when they really started getting production. I don't remember. All right, name some of the first videos then. Now you're putting me on the spot. Video Kill the Radio Star, the Buggles. Yeah, yeah. Flakis Eagles. Flakis Eagles. Flakis Eagles I ran. That had to be one of the first ones. With the great use of tin foil on the camera so you couldn't see it in the mirror. But that worked real well. I think Chilliwack. Gone, gone, gone. I've been gone so long. Gone, gone, gone so long. No? No? That was one of the first ones? That was 1983. Old Triumph from Billy Squire Live. Oh yeah, Billy Squire, definitely. Which Billy Squire song though? I know, Christmas Time was the Christmas one. All right, hold on. Now we've got to go to the phones. Hi, N.E.W. N.E.W. Hi, turn down your radio. You're live on the air. We're on delay. She doesn't know. She said screw you, Alpie. Did she say screw? No. Hi, N.E.W. N.E.W. All right, this is really working out again today. Great. There they go. Now they're popping. Hi, N.E.W. Hello. Hey, what's up? Hey, speak into your phone, not to your radio. Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, they're Hungry Like the Wolf about a billion times. That's right. Hungry Like the Wolf. Yeah, but that was also when they started getting production value. Yeah. Yeah, we're talking the ones that they just had laying around when MTV first started. Break My Stride maybe by a while. No, that was later too. That was definitely later. Anything that looked like it cost more than 10 bucks. I think the Buggles, Burning for You, Blue Oyster Cult. All right, thanks man. Okay. Hi, N.E.W. Hey, how you doing? All right. What's up? I think these guys should have a big party on the lawn in Central Park. I think that'll do a lot for their listener base. Can I talk to them? I have a great idea, seriously, because they were talking about how they can get the word out. And I think that if we can get, you know, if they can telecast live for Central Park on the lawn, you know, on a nice day in April. Well, you want to talk to Opie and Anthony? Yeah, because I think it's a really good idea. Yeah, I don't know, man. They don't really like talking to listeners at all. Oh, well, you know, I've kind of gathered that. I mean, you know, they sound really cool in the air and stuff, but they're real pricks off mic. All right, why don't you pass along a suggestion to them, okay? Because I think it's a pretty good suggestion. I think that... I don't even know if they want to acknowledge any suggestions from their listeners. Oh, okay, they don't want to acknowledge it, but I think it's a great idea. I think you guys should have a party. You know what you should do? You know that normal day where everybody smokes Doobies? Yeah. You know, what you should do is you should move that over to the park there and they can figure out how to telecast in the park live on that day. Do you want me to pass this on to Hope and Anthony? I think it'll be a great idea. I'm just producing the show, man. I'm kind of scared of them. Well, I mean, off mic, to be honest with you, they say they don't really care about their listeners. But you know what? You've got to give them a little room here. You know, if you're producing the show, you've got to understand that you've got to give them some more room here because you should let them do the Grease Man, you know. Yeah. So the Grease Man was a good routine and you got to... Well, why don't you guys let them do the Grease Man? Well, I'm not in charge. I'm just in college. I just answer the phones, man. Yeah, no, but whoever's running things over there, you should tell this guy to let them do the Grease Man because, you know, the Grease Man was pretty funny stuff, you know. And, I mean, you know, they shouldn't have pulled the... All right, all right, all right. So what's your message to Hope and Anthony? Oh, rock on. They should party from the lawn in Central Park. All right. Well, you want to hold on for Hope and Anthony? Oh, if they want to talk to me, yeah, sure. I'm sure they don't want to, but, you know, maybe you'll get them in a good mood. It's rare. Yeah, well, you know, there's a rating for the ratings a lot, so... I think Hope is in a good mood. He's been in a good mood for two minutes a day, so he might luck out. Well, you might see he went to the Black Crow's concert, so that's going to wear off pretty soon. And Anthony's too busy, you know, practicing. Impressions, yeah. Impressions. You know what he does? It's so stupid. Like, when the music's playing, he goes in the bathroom and, like, tries out his voices in front of the mirror to see how he looks. You know, how easy... How long do you practice those things for? For hours. I mean, we can't even get him in the studio. We can't even talk to him. He's just like... When the music's playing, he goes into the bathroom with his big head and just, like, stares at himself in the mirror and... He honestly thinks he's like Charlton Heston when he's doing the voice and stuff. He's got some good impressions, though, you have to admit. I'll tell you... Is this Earl or is this Earl? This is Johnny B. Oh, Johnny B. Yeah, you're good, John. What do you say? Well, I do a radio show at my college station. I call myself Johnny B. Good. Right. So I'm trying to break in, so I'm here, but these guys are a bunch of losers, man. I'll tell you. I should, like, write a tell-all book, you know? What radio station? What college radio station? Huh? What college radio station? NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU. NYU? Yeah, yeah. That's pretty good. That's not bad. You've got some good company over there. Smart people over there. Yeah. And Opie's so paranoid in between songs. He's like, you know, blowing lines and stuff in the bathroom. Well, you know what? I really need... I really need, like, you know, a publisher to listen to me because I could really write a great book about these guys. I've been with them for like nine months now. Well, you know what? I'll tell you something, Mark. You know, they hit the nail on the head just yesterday. They have a really intelligent sense of humor. I mean, they were right. They could spin records and that would make things really easy. And, you know, you can't get into too much trouble spinning records. But these guys, you know... I'll tell you the truth, though, because they talk about it all the time when the music's playing. They rip off everything from Howard. They just don't want to go on the air and say that. Well, you know, nobody's inventing the wheel again. But let me tell you something. The difference between them and Howard is Howard's always talking about lesbians or things like that. What really makes them good is that these guys, you know, they take everyday events. You know? Like, I'll tell you what was Creative Genius, okay? Taking that thing with Mayor Giuliani and the cause and doing the author impression. Oh, yeah. That, I mean, Howard, on his best day, couldn't come up with anything like that. And if you compare Carol, was that her name, the sidekick? Carol... No, the fat girl, Robin. Oh, Robin. Right, Robin Quivers. You compare her to OP? Oh, forget about it, you know. I think at best, I'll tell you, I think at best, Howard gets a dead even with Anthony. I mean, I give you H.D. Anthony because he does impressions. And Howard, again, Howard, all he does is talk about penises and lesbians and, you know, and everybody's like, oh, that's so funny. But I've told my work here that they, OP and Anthony, they got real sense of humor. You know, I mean, these guys are really, you know, intelligent humor. And, you know, I mean... Well, you should see them though, man. Right now, they're like, they're just cowering in the corner. They're scared to go back on the air. No, no, I say... I swear, did you see that, the scene from, what was the movie, Big Chill? With Klein clothes in the shower? That's what OP does while the songs are playing. Well, I don't think we've gotten that bad. I swear to God, he can't handle it, you know? Well, you know, it's a lot of pressure being funny every day. I know it's bizarre. You know how Anthony was in the paper for being a racist and stuff on what, Sunday? Yeah. And he was trying to defend himself yesterday? What paper was that? It was Daily News, a big article in the Sunday paper. Anthony in real life's a chink. Is that right? I swear to you. I do pictures. I don't think... It's so funny because, like, he walks in and he acts like he's Italian and stuff. He's really Yoshi. In real life, he's Yoshi. When he comes out to the radio station, he's Anthony. Exactly. These guys are a bunch of scumbags. It must be fun working with these guys. Not really. They don't even acknowledge me. So that's why I don't mind talking, you know, crap about it. No, but come on. I mean, you must get to really hang out a lot and have some good times there. Oh, yeah, it's great to run upstairs and get them coffee and stuff. But come on. Yeah, come on. Deep down. It's a fun job, right? I haven't learned anything from them. I swear to you. You learned how to take a lot of abuse, though, and that's the first rule of radio. No, they don't even acknowledge me. I mean, I wish they would drag me in here and just abuse me, you know, but they don't even do that. Well, you know, if Black Girl gets tired of getting whipped, you can be next. Black Girl. That's another joke. The guy's white. Yeah, Black Girl. No, I met Black Girl. I met Black Girl at the Black Crows at the Irving Plaza. Black Girl was cool. Yeah. Those guys, they were hanging out in front of him and this tall guy. I guess it was Ben. But yeah, they all seemed like they were having a good time, you know, goofing and then you go in and see the show. I mean, you must get to see some shows with them at least. I'm sure they show you cops some good tickets to the Crows, didn't you? No, I was the guy giving out bumper stickers after the show. Come on, you got to see the show. They got you in. Tell the truth. They got you in, right? Well, they got me tickets. I got to see Hanson a couple of months ago. You got to be a Dunperks, right? Yeah. Are you guys going to be giving out tickets for Jeff Beck? I haven't heard anything about that and that's a really good show. Jeff Beck's still alive? Yeah, he's playing on the 19th. He's playing on the 19th. Where is he? Roseland. Yeah, that's a judge. I'll tell you, you know. All right, well listen, we've got to wrap this up. I mean, you got a message for those scumbags? Yeah, tell them what they should do is they should tap into the normal crowd. All right, hold on. I'll let you talk to them. Hold on. I think Anthony is done with his stupid impressions, coming back in the studio. Hold on. N-E-W. Yeah, what's up? How are you doing? Who's this? Hey, this is Opie and Anthony. What's up? Hey, how are you doing? All right, guys. Good to talk to you guys. You guys are very funny. I want to tell everybody about your show. Are you sitting on hold that long? Yeah, my goal is to tell one new person every day about your show. Hey, you know, we just got this new intern, you know? Is that Johnny B.? Yeah, Johnny B. Oh, Johnny B. Did he treat you well on the phones and stuff? Yeah, Johnny was talking a lot of good stuff. Oh, really? Yeah, he was talking about you guys saying good things about you guys. Oh, really? Okay, cool. Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing then? No, because he made it seem like you guys are having a good time over there. No, because we're hearing a couple of things. No, we're serious because we've had some complaints from the listeners and we really need to know the truth. Was he cool to you and stuff? No, he was cool. And you guys got some good help over there. I met Black Girl. Black Girl is a good guy. I met him outside the Crow's. Well, we had a couple of people actually email in fax that said that Johnny B. kind of rips us new a-holes when we're not in the studio and we want to get to the bottom of it. You know what it is? I was telling him that you guys have a brain that puts you a couple of steps ahead of Howard. But what did Johnny B. say? We walked in and he sounded like he was saying something and then just stopped talking. No, he was just telling me how hard you work at your impressions. Really? Yeah, he said you're always trying to perfect your impressions and do better. Oh, is that it? Wow, how about that? Well, that's pretty cool. He said whenever you're not in the air, you're practicing. He said, oh, please, oh, please. Wait, wait, wait. You just cursed, man. Huh? You just cursed. No, I didn't. Yeah, sure you did. Yeah, I said the S word. No. He doesn't curse when he's talking to Johnny B. All right, listen, we're going to put you on hold, all right? Okay, but what you should do is, you know the normal where they hang out and smoke the weed all the time? What you should do is you... Oh, Jesus. Let him talk to Johnny B. All right, well, I want to play a song here. Oh, my God. Do we have time anymore? I know. We just wasted like 15 minutes. Well, it's a song that all our listeners sent us. Yeah, I know. You want to run later or you want to just blow it out now? Let's play it. All right, let's play it and get out of here. We want to thank all you guys for sending us stuff for the show. We have gotten, I don't know, a hundred copies of this damn song we're about to play. E-mailed to us, I guess, because of the whole Yoshi the Pork Man thing. Yes. So it's a little Chinese restaurant song. All right, so we'll end the show with this and we'll see you guys tomorrow at 3. Oh, we got to get back on the radio really fast. What happened? Well, our listeners are going to kill us. I promised I'd give out the address to the Sable pictures one more time. What are you insane? Oh, they would kill us. Now I got to find it really fast. If you want to see the pictures of Sable from WWF Naked for free, we found them on a website. I'm sure they're going to take them off probably by tomorrow. You think? Knowing how that works because the issue is not coming out until next week, right? Yeah. All right, so you want to see the pictures of Sable Naked. You need to know how to spell though. You should see how people are spelling wrestling. Oh, no. Oh, it says brutal. They're like, I can't find the pictures and they're spelling wrestling. W-R-E-S-T-E-L. So here's the address one more time for the pictures for Sable. Write it down. Write it down. Write it down. www.latestwrestlingnews.com. That's another thing people are forgetting to put because they're using the instant feedback to show what they're doing. They're trying to get these pictures and it's just a mess.