 The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW that's the band Marblers 3 and Freak of the Week. Like that song, like it a lot. It's OP, it's Anthony and it's you listening. What's up? Huh? What? I'm sorry. I knew you wanted to get into it right away. I was dozing. What? What? Well we've been here for what? I think six hours now. Oh my God. Another of the stunning management meetings. I love these things. It's like Thursday, with a little memo, Thursday it's an air staff meeting. Everybody attend. Give me a break. So we had to be here way too early. See our whole show is about getting here at 2.30 and going on the air at 3.00. Right with what we have just lived, you know? And trying to be funny. We prepare for our show in the car and that's it. We live our little life and then we come here and share. But when we have to come in four or five hours before our show, we might as well just write off the show as a bad one. Sitting in a meeting it just starts, I don't know, the talking is going but then I phase out. It turns into you know, well in a couple of weeks we're going to try to... Yeah, here's me. This is the tape of me in the meeting. We're going to be focusing, looking at new avenues of execution of certain properties, issues that we all... What? Oh my God. You know, if I wanted to sit through meetings I would have done better in school. Exactly. I wouldn't have got a job as a radio guy. All of a sudden I'm sitting there and I feel like I'm being talked... Talking about the Magna Carta. The Magna Carta was signed... What? Well, tell them what our meeting was about. I don't know. I don't know. Well, Anthony, it was about all the new production elements we got for the radio station. Was it? I thought it was about my new shoelaces because I was playing with them. All right, let me... I need to do something. All right. And what we'll be doing is taking a new look. Okay. All right, what do you got? Are you going to tell me what the meeting was about? Yeah, the meeting was about how we have a ton of brand new production to play in between songs. Okay. That's what I got out of it. You did? See, I didn't get that. Now, tell me if you can tell the difference, okay? This is a piece of old production. Okay. One, oh, two, seven. N-E-W. All right. And that's the new production. Okay. What? This is the old production. One, oh, two, seven. N-E-W. Okay, that's the old production. Okay. All right. But we've just added the new production. Okay. See, that's going to make a difference. We're going to get a lot of new people listening because our production is updated. Wait, I had to come in early for that? Yeah. That's what the meeting was about? To listen to the new production. See, I didn't get that. Which sounds a lot like the old production. Okay. No, it's new, Opie. All right, and then we got, oh, these are cute. And then we were talking about these. All right. This is an example of a piece of production you will never, ever, ever hear on the Opie and Anthony show. Why? What is this? No, you're right. You shall not be hearing that on our show. We shan't be having a music marathon on our show, no. But it's a new concept. You're going to be hearing these a lot. All right. All right. All right. All right. They should make special ones for the Opie and Anthony show. If you're lucky, you'll hear two songs in a row. A talk marathon. And honestly, oh, and then we have, oh, where's the special ID, Rick? We don't even have that? I just can't, you know, after, who are the people that ask questions in the meetings, Opie? Who are they? It's like, okay, well, I'm done. Any questions? Yeah. When should we play the one with the one round sticker on it? The little sound thing. The one round sticker. And when should we play the one with two little round-armed stickers on it? That's an interesting question. I'm glad you have another hour. Here, sit down. All right. And I was like, oh, I was out. I was out of the meeting. All right. Hold on. Hold on. Okay. All right. One orange circle. One orange circle on the label. All right. This is, here it is. One, O, two, seven, N, E, W. Okay. Okay. That's one orange circle. One orange circle. And this is now an example of a piece of production that has two orange circles on the card. One, O, ten, six, N, B, W. All right. Wait, I'm a bit confused. Why? All right. Let me explain it to you. See, I was taking notes. See, I was asleep. Okay. Oh, you had your notebook out and you were taking notes? I noticed a couple of people had their notebooks. All right. The production piece with the one orange circle is short. It's a short piece of production. Okay. So, this is one again. One, O, two, seven, N, E, W. All right. Short. Okay. Short. I'm glad you're filling me in on this. All right. I phased out. That's three and a half seconds. Okay. That's a long piece of production. Oh, okay. Let me give you that example again. Okay. One, O, ten, six, N, E, W. Well, that sounds pretty short too. Yeah, but according to the production people and Gary, our boss, that's a piece of long production. Oh, hence the extra sticker. Exactly. Oh, my God. The sad part is the one with the one orange circle is three and a half seconds and the two orange circle production piece is five seconds. That's the difference between short and long. Well, that's nitpicking, isn't it? Yes, it is. Oh, my God. Well, I'm glad you filled me in because I didn't have a clue what the meeting was about. I see it was important and I'm glad we were there. All right. And then we're going to play these every once in a while. Do it. Do it now. Killer Classics, today's best rock. So, this is rock and roll. One, O, two, seven. Hosted by N, E, W. All right. I like that. Now, you'll be hearing that piece of production when you're going out of like a Killer Classic, like let's say The Who won't get fooled again. Right, right. And we're going to go right into like a Creed record. So, tell everyone we're playing, you know, best Killer Classics and the best of the new rock, Anthony. All right. This is what's going to get our ratings up around here. OK. I'm glad. Good. Any other examples you need? No. See, you filled me in in a matter of minutes. What takes grueling hours in meetings. But, Anthony, let's say you're going, you're coming out of like a really cool new record like Creed and you want to go into The Who. Oh, now what do you do, Opie? Today's best rock, Killer Classic. See, I'm about to find O's, McJangle's. This is Steven Tyler. Seven, W, N, E, W. Boom. All right. It won't get fooled again. It's backward. It'll work. Yeah. Oh, OK. All right. Wow. There you go. That's what we learned today. I bet we gained a couple of ratings points just you playing those. All right. But once again, I do want to remind people you definitely will not be hearing this piece of production on our show. Now, a music marathon. Music marathon. N, E, W. OK. I am ready to fall asleep. Well, see, now the listeners understand the hell we were in because they're falling asleep. They probably changed the dial like 15 minutes ago. That's the problem. Now, wait, wait. No, no. To get the full impact, we have to ask questions now about when these should be played, after it's on. And these were actual questions in the meeting. It wasn't good enough that they just show us these production pieces and say, figure it out, which you should be able to. If you made it past the fifth grade, you figure it out on your own. But no, then we had to have question and answer for what? About a half hour? Oh, painful. Now, should I play the one with the two dots or the one dot? And once again, honestly, the new production doesn't sound much different than the old production. Well, I don't know, Opie. Maybe you just aren't, you can't judge these things for yourself. Well, I guess not. Probably. But there you have it. But then again, we have the really great production like that Clinton thing we just had. I can't. All right. I got to pull it together. Well, meetings just blow. They're a waste of time for everyone, no matter what type of job you have. Everyone's trying not to make eye contact. You look at the floor. But one really good thing did come out of the meeting. Besides introducing the new production elements that you'll be hearing all day long here, maybe I'll play some of the old productions, see if you can tell the difference. We also started a new concept today and the boss came up with this one. Free Beer Thursday. I guess he has finally realized that a lot of people just don't get along around here. And the meetings are kind of stuffy and boring so you go in there and the only thing you want to do is get out of the meeting. Can't they spice up the meetings? With what, like lap dances and stuff? Yeah, something. Because then you sit there. You know, if a Buxom blonde came in, and like a little thong and like a little top, and she was going over the production elements with us, I would have paid attention and I would have taken notes. Definitely. So if the meetings were a little more spiced up, they wouldn't be so boring. But the way they are, you don't talk to each other. You're just yearning to get out of the meeting room. Right. So he figured that we loosen up on Thursdays, bringing some beers down the hall, and the air staff can hang out and talk and exchange ideas. Everyone is invited back starting at four for free beer Thursdays. Yeah. And the air staff can then talk with management or other air staff and exchange ideas without these stuffy meeting atmosphere. Yeah. That will open up the lines of communication though with beer. Oh, sure. Well, think about it. When you go to a party, yeah, it loosens up. And there's no beer. Let's say you go to a party and the keg's not there yet. What do you do, Anthony? You leave. Or you just stand around and have that uncomfortable talk with the other people there wondering when the keg is going to arrive. Uh-huh. I'm just waiting for the one free beer Thursday that ruins it. When somebody gets a little too much free beer and I'm 23. And people start speaking their mind. Well, that could get ugly. Unfortunately, we don't need beer to do that. No. That's what has gotten us in trouble. We can't even use the excuse we were drunk. No. So, all right. There you have it. Any steel reserve or howling monkey out there? Line two? Uh-oh. Hi, any W. Hey, man, what's going on? What's up? Hey. You think your meetings are bad? I'm going through a five-hour practice meeting. What is that? It's a meeting before a meeting. It's to get ready for the meeting. You've got to go practice for five hours before you meet the client the next day to have the same meeting for five hours the next day. Oh, that would suck. What line of work are you in? What's that? What line of work are you in? After all these meetings, I have a tendency to forget. Computer industry. Oh, wow. Yeah, they're known for some really cool meetings. Oh, let me tell you, we've got some exciting people in these. I don't see the meeting. Anything can be explained in a memo or something. The whole meeting thing is just... I know it. I don't get the meeting. It's a power thing, I think. They pass out dittos and stuff, and it's just silly. I think it's so the bond between the two is that they're not going to be able to do it if they don't do it. They're going to be able to do it if they don't do it. in down and put those together for the client afterwards. No wonder no work gets done in this country. Yeah, absolutely. I'm glad we're making such a fortune for what we're getting done. Yeah, we're all too busy going to meetings. The goof. The truth. And I nod my head and act like I really care and stuff. Yeah, you've got to make eye contact and smile and look interesting. Meanwhile, in my head I'm like, please eyes stay open. Please, please don't shut. And sometimes I lose the battle. I find myself looking down and my eyes go, what, what, what? It's horrible. I can't sit in any more meetings. So, all right, buddy. All right, guys. Thank you. Thank you. It's an N.E.W. meeting marathon. Well, we had a great break about Monica that we wanted to do there, but instead we had to talk about our boring meeting. A little hotty she was last night. And to the four people that are still listening to our show, stick around. We got more of this on the way. Oh, hi, the boss. Hey, look who's in the studio. Scott, how are you doing? Good, man, I'm doing good. Good. What makes you think I enjoy having meetings? This is the big boss. You think I have nothing better than to sit there and stare at you? I didn't say that. The big boss is pissed at you, Anthony. I don't know what your stance is on meetings. I'm just saying I don't enjoy meetings. I know a lot of other people that have called in. They hate meetings too. Who do you think does more meetings, you or me? I would say probably you. We have never done a meeting. No, no, the only time we do meetings is with... Yeah, but you guys, everybody bitches about the communication problems. Nobody understands. You put them all down. Well, there's no real... Nobody does it right. You got nine, ten, twelve jocks all doing twelve different things. Do you think that's actual communication in those meetings up there? Well, the best part is everybody bitches about communication. Then you go, any questions? Nobody raises their hand. Of course not, because like any meeting, you just want to get out of there. Except for Eddie. Eddie. Wow, we hate when people ask questions. Because the questions are really bad. Did you notice I was paying attention? I was paying attention. I just rehashed the whole meaning of what we learned today. It's like the people that raise their hand in school and go, you forgot the homework. You know, it's like, God, we were almost out. Oh, it's like shopping with your wife and you're almost out of the store and she goes, oh, look at this dress. Yeah, but you... Like, I was, oh, I was almost out of... Yeah, but you give me this impression. It's a power struggle. No, no, I said power trip. No, no, I said power trip. We sit around and have the meetings, you know. It's a power trip. Well, now wait a minute. You go to meetings, you say you're in a lot of meetings. You have to go to some meetings where you are the guy that kind of takes some crap. You're not at the head of the table. So upstairs, you get the head of the table. So that's sort of a power thing. You must be like, all right, now I'm at the head of the table. Now you were in the same meeting I was, right? Yes. Did you look around that room? Yes. How could it possibly be enjoyable to sit in that room? Well, what are you saying, Scott? My goodness. Half the people are asleep, the other half don't want to be there. The weekend guys are like, what the heck am I doing here on a Thursday? You guys are like, I got to come in early. The morning guys want to go home. So we're in agreement. I could be in 30 other places. Yeah. But tell me a better way to get what you want from shift after shift after shift. Memos. But nobody follows the damn memos. Look, I got the memos right in front of me. We love memos. So when we get a memo, we can read it at our leisure and then do whatever it says or roll it up in a ball and throw it. There's too much room for interpretation. Everybody interprets it differently. You do 12 different things. And just doesn't have the attention to it. Maybe it's my own problem because in school with the films I could never, I was on the desk. It's the same feeling. The talking starts and I'm in another land. I drift away somewhere. You actually fell asleep twice today. I know. I nodded off. You noticed that? My head went down. I was like, oh, jeez. And then I look up and I'm wiping drool. I saw what you did to it. First of all, you came in, you were almost the last one there. Yeah. It's on time though. Yeah. Except for your producer who was the last one there. Yeah, that's true. And then you try to hide behind Ralph. Yeah. Yeah. Then I slid the chair behind Ralph. Well, you got to do that so you don't have to worry about the eye contact. Well, that's it. After a while you hide behind a fellow coworker. You're like a running back behind the offensive guard trying to hide behind Ralph. Yes. Now, Anthony, when Scott was giving that pep speech, how did it sound to you? At first it was, you know, because I thought I was listening to Vince Lombardi myself. Yes. Now what were you hearing in your brain at that point? Well, at first I heard your voice and I heard it very inspirational, very wonderful, but then it turned into like, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, like Charlie Brown, you know, like the principal of the school. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. Montreal. maybe crank maybe some crack and so he had the stress I stay at my office all day long yeah taking all the complaint calls about what you do and we call it we call a meeting once every how often uh... last meeting we had at least two months ago okay we call it once every two months yeah which is asking why hahaha if you're not well now you're putting it in that kind of perspective on your city police officer you meet like before we shift your both you talk about radio guys though i'd say they want a real job we would have a lot of the so once every two months we call a meeting yeah everybody pitches you know percum up a little bit the meetings up bring in a strip i don't know we don't we we we we go in yeah maybe a couple strippers maybe a dancer something and or keg but by the keg well that's early to your ball and why they have to be early uh... and they're going to get a job i know what is going to get up and like fine knowing no one answers the new and when it says that when it says the meetings early i'm not much too late the meeting today was at eleven o'clock everything is relative to your employment time you're going to be pissing on my life i go to the comedy thing last night yeah right which is like twelve fifteen right then i drive home again on one fifteen long goes off in five so i was here i could have the meeting at six thirty heart because and meetings that was sw隆 are well we want to be a Well, that's pretty much what we are today with these sweepers. Alright, we will be a little more accepting of the meetings. You have to take them with the spirit that they're intended. Not everybody does everything exactly like you two, perfectly. No one likes those meetings, no one likes them. Including me. So then why don't we do them? Let's not have them, just memos. Yeah, memos. Everybody complains about the communication process. We come into your office and visit you. Yeah, see, that's what has to be done. You send a memo to everyone that says, hey, come up and say hi sometime. Then we come up, we sit, and it's a lot more loose than a stuffy meeting. Come directly to the principal's office. Right. With his baseball bats on the wall. No, I don't know. Alright, well you guys, you're the bosses, so if you say meeting, we have meeting. Fine, you hurt my feelings, but that's okay. It's nothing personal. Strictly business. No, it's nothing personal. It's not you. I wouldn't enjoy a meeting with anybody. With the president? Well, not with anybody. Yeah. Alright. A couple of people I could think of, I'd enjoy a meeting with. Who's that? I don't know. Lovely young ladies. I don't know. Oh, the beer's here? Where's our beer? Was that your idea, free beer Thursday? No, that was Gary's. Were you a little scared about that? A little bit. Yeah. Are you really? Yeah, it is a little. It's a good idea. It's like the match in gunpowder. We'll know tonight about 6 o'clock if it's a bit. I have a feeling this is going to last two weeks and that's it. Two? You're giving it to Earl? He's giving it one week. He's giving it today. But the beer's here. Why didn't he make free beer Thursday start at 5.30 when work closes? No, it's got to chill. You're chilling the beer? Ralph's all excited. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Ralph, did you get your beer yet? No, not yet. It's beer Thursday. Isn't that crazy? I love this. Now, Ralph's been in the business, I don't know, 80 years by now. Oh my God. Give or take a score. Okay. You've been around the block a few times. Yeah. Have you ever heard of something so zany as free beer Thursday for the employees? Not on a weekly basis, no. Maybe once every once in a while, right? Yeah, get together, hang, bond. But this is going to be... It's a communication thing. Well, technically it's not weekly until it makes it to next Thursday. Yeah, it is a one-time thing. I have a feeling Scott's going to put the kvashes on this one. Are you going to join us at least for this free beer Thursday? I haven't decided yet. Come on, you've got to crack the first beer. We got you a 40. It is a little out there. We got you some Old English, a 40. You could go upstairs and you could brown paper bag it. All right. Well, have fun, enjoy your beer. We're on the air so we can't partake in the free beer Thursday. Of course, we would never think of doing something like that. Scott, please don't take it personally. I enjoy your company, I enjoy the company of many people here at NEW. But in the meeting atmosphere... Are you kissing my ass? I am not. In the meeting atmosphere, something is taken away. I don't think we can experience the joy of each other's company properly in a meeting. All right, next time we'll all just hold hands and we'll try to reach somebody else. Yeah, say us. Even that would be good. Just pass out Ouija boards and we can sit at the big table and do Ouija boards. We'll get the spirit of Scott Muni. Hey, he's got a lot. Sorry, I didn't know that. That's cold. Well, have you heard his new show? I mean, come on. I was in a meeting. Yeah, that's Scott Muni siesta. Great idea those guys came up with. Kicking our ass. No, they're not. You kidding? Let's take another break. All right, man. We got to thank Scott Herman for this. Thank you, Scott. All right, guys. Please don't take it personal. I'm scared to hit the commercials because then he's really going to let us. Yeah, as long as the mics are on, we're safe. All right, what the hell? Let's play a few tunes here. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, the Black Crows, and only a fool off their latest CD by your side. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Getting really into our show now. Yeah. We're settled in. We're ready to rock and roll. If you got something for the show, 212-757-1027. Let's see what's going on on the phone. Yo, buddy. Hey, what's up? What do you got, man? Listen, this guy over at K-Rock is biting off you. What are they doing now? Remember that contest you had when you went back in August or September? About the worst job in the city. Yeah. Yeah, well, the guy's doing it because right now they're the same person. Why is he saying that? Because he's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. Same person. What? He's doing our bit? He's doing your bit. Not where we found Mendy? Big butt Mendy? Yeah. Yeah. Right now the worst way they can find those is to clean the grease traps. Ho-ho. That's great. What? This is awful. So they're looking for the person with the worst job in New York. Yeah. Something we did four months ago. Yeah, you know. Oh, well. That's great radio. You know, you've got to help these guys out. You've got to give them some material. Yeah. Yeah, K-Rock needs the help. Yeah, K-Rock needs the help. Well, they do rest of the day. They've got mornings taken care of, but after that Howard Stern all morning, a one share the rest of the day. You guys are great. That's so true. Yeah, I don't know. I've punched over there. I don't know what's going on sometimes. Well, I like the gay couple that does the night show. What is that about? The ambiguously gay DJ. There's something going on there. I don't know what it is. There's a definite gay homo thing happening there. Of course, not that there's anything wrong with that. Alter Queer. Oh, you're into it. The other day we tuned over there and Alter Queer, whatever his name is, he's asking the other, the bigger homo. He goes, hey, can I have a hug? Yeah, I don't know what's going on. Can you imagine if I just opened up the mic and said, hey, can I have a hug? Yeah, it just seems like one guy and then his little buddy. And he's just laughing at everything. The guy like chuckles at all his stuff. Yeah, like there's some kind of dominance and submissive thing going on with that. That's the most fascinating aspect of their little program. I think the two of them are just spanking. Yeah, you're just waiting for them to orally take care of each other. That's why I tune in. There's the one guy who is like the Batman character and the other one like the Robin, sort of effeminate. I don't know, the little banter. I don't know. Who am I to say? We like to come on the air and we're just two guys. I don't understand. We're like two drinking buddies, not two butt buddies. That's the big difference with us and other little team shows in this town. And their style is just great over there after Howard. Do we have a good loud song? We could do a little demonstration. Anthony, this is exactly what you hear if you hear them broadcasting from a venue. Ready? You got an appropriate song? Well, pretty much. Well, I got the black crows out so this will have to do. Okay. Make sure it's real loud. You do it, Ed. Ready? Yeah. That's it. Hold on. Here we go. How you doing? We'll be getting away, guys. We'll take it later on. It's like you can't even hear them. It's just loud and obnoxious. Look at that attitude. All right, try it again, Anthony. I don't know if you did a good enough job with that because I have to do the alter queer voice. Okay. I'm going to see you turned it down. That's a bad thing. Oh, it's got to be so loud. You can barely hear the DJ talk. All right, go ahead. Try it again. It's all too queer. Yeah. Can I have like a hug? Thank you. How's it going? Good to hear. Good to hear. I'm going to be getting away, Jack. Sorry. You didn't sound swishy enough. No. I don't know what's going on over there. I don't know what their relationship is but it just seems a little bizarre to me. Yeah, I heard tomorrow they're going to do something on this bank, yeah, I think. Well, call up like I don't even know who does the show opposite us to be totally honest with you. I have no clue. I know they offered it to us and we said no and then they got someone else. So I don't know. Call them up and abuse them for like doing our bit, I guess. Probably stuttering John or something like that. Stuttering John's up against us? I don't know. One of those guys. All right, man. Yeah, take care. Thank you. Take care. Bye. Interesting. All right. We're off to a fine start today. What a mess of a show. We can't get to anything. We keep getting sidetracked. It's just going to get uglier and uglier today. Of course it is. All right, we'll do some Van Halen. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony on the way. We got Everlast, Pink Floyd next by request. And if you want to get a hold of us, easiest way is through the fax line, 212-957-WNEW. And well, I guess we finally should talk about the interview, Anthony. Barbara Walters asking all the tough questions last night. Yes, it was such a hard-hitting interview. It was a bore fest. We didn't learn anything new. There was nothing new. Nothing everybody hadn't heard time and time again. But you heard it from Monica herself. Now, I've got a confession to make, Anthony. Okay. I wouldn't label myself a chubby chaser. Right. By any means. I was completely turned on by Monica Lewinsky last night. Completely. A bold statement. I know a lot of people, it's easy to make the fact jokes and she looked like a cow and her belly was pretty big and stuff. But there was something going on with Monica Lewinsky last night and I was completely turned on. Well, you've got to give her some facial looks. They weren't bad. They made her up. A professional makeup guy comes in and does all that. But I'll tell you something. The mouth, beautiful. What a mouth on this girl. A perfect mouth. For what she uses it for. But the teeth, nice, straight, white. Perfect. Pearly white. And full lips. Yes. And her mouth was always lubed. Did you see? She's talking at no time was she having any dry mouth problems. Her tongue, over her teeth, it looked like a fine little coating of Vaseline over everything. Everything. Didn't get those spit strings. Nothing like that. No cotton mouth. Nothing. And as she talked, the inside of her mouth glistened. Just glistened. What a beautiful mouth. I have no idea what she said last night. For two hours I'm just like wow. Did you notice how they blocked the shot? Her mouth was the middle of the screen. The middle of the screen. So your eyes were constantly looking at those lips moving. And when she'd kind of give that big laugh, or her mouth open wide, she would just say look at that. It's like a water slide. It's so wet and moist and inviting. And fun like a water slide. Sure. Were you turned on? I've got to tell you, the face shot, yeah. But then they showed some of the old footage of her getting out of the car with her lawyer. And at one point you just see that butt. That big old ass. Where's her song? Yeah, you see that big ass of hers and it just kind of turned me off a little. I'm not the chubby chasin' type. But with her hair pulled back and the makeup and the nice lubed mouth, I was really turned on last night. So lubed. And her teeth. The widest teeth I've ever come across, I tell you. That old gag. Why? I've cut. As you live you come across a lot of teeth in life. I'm just saying. I don't understand what you're getting at. She had a lot of makeup on though. At one point when she was crying you saw the river cutting through the makeup like the river cuts through the Grand Canyon. I couldn't watch that part open. I was tearing up myself watching Monica get so upset. Hi, NW. How you doing? What's up, Jeff? Oh, not a whole lot. I can't believe the way Anthony's going on about Monica like that. Just her mouth, my friend. Oh yeah, I know. But come on. Did you see it? It's a little too long there. I mean she's really hurting. But did you see her mouth? Yeah, I saw her mouth. That was a crap that was coming out of it. It was a pleasure organ, that mouth. Oh, come on. It was glistening. Glistening. I can't say that she's a pig anymore. I was turned on by Monica's face last night. It was constantly moist, moving. She had the whole lip moving thing going. Yes, it's in the center I admit. But you can't, I mean I don't know. She just turns me off. Alright, well I thought she was articulate. I thought she had charisma, a little bit of a sense of humor, a little bit of a naughty girl. She was happy. She was a dirty girl. She had some youth behind her. I think you're great. I think your taste is better than this though. Don't give us so much credit. I'm not going to sit here and do all the fat jokes like everyone else is doing today. I am admitting on this show that I was turned on by Monica last night. How can I tell you? Alright, well maybe it was a lonely night for you. I'm not sure, but she's just hurting. Well me, I kind of liked Barbara. She was looking hot. You go for those naughty older girls, huh? I tell you, age is just a bitch, man. Obviously they're the only two people in the room. They're panning from Monica who with the makeup on and stuff, beautiful skin, she looked nice, her eye makeup was there. Then they'd go to Barbara and it's just like, oh the crypt keeper! Because you're getting that constant back and forth contrast of young and old. It really made Barbara look ten times worse than she probably really does. I guess, yeah. Maybe that's why Monica looked better. Right, I think, yeah, hey, oh, there you go. Maybe it was the contrast. And next to the pictures of Linda Tripp they were showing, come on! It's a no-brainer! You got- Oh, beef. What a beef. You're in a bar, it's five minutes before closing time. You got Monica, Barbara Walters or Linda Tripp. Who are you going for? I might take the bartender. The bartender. Alright man. Yeah, that was a little much, that Linda Tripp. Yeah, maybe. Did you see, they picked the worst, not that I'm saying they were really good ones, but the worst possible clips of Linda Tripp with the big goofy hair and the witch nose. Well, what I was thinking was the sea hag. Yeah. Linda Tripp looks like the sea hag. And look at Monica. Monica looks like a wimpy. Big fat ass. Alright, you guys keep up the good work. Alright, Jeff, thanks a lot. I bet she's got one kushky-pusky. Michelle, what do you got? Hey, how you doing? I tell you, I was watching it last night and my husband- Hold it! Wow! Hold on a minute, Michelle! Oh, wait, I had a bleed deal. I'm sorry. Wait a minute, now start over. You've got to talk like, you know, you're on the radio. Alright, alright. Well, I was watching it and my husband comes in and he's just looking at her and he doesn't, but he goes, they got her mouth right in the middle of the screen. Right. They just keep showing it. Right. You know, she had the president's- Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait! She had the president's- I leave that ass- Thank you. You don't need to say it. I think everyone knows. Yeah, I think everyone was thinking that as you're watching the interview. Yeah, it really was unbelievable. Look at that. You know, you're just picturing, hey, baby. Oh, she just likes to do it. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong with that. She's a young girl and everyone's looking at Monica like she's wearing a wig. She wrecked the first family and stuff. Please. The president had all that power. He's 51 years old. She's 22. Naive and- Alright, wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait! Stop with the cursing. Whose mouth is worse, yours or Monica's? My God! Oh, my! You are a little dirty mouth. Alright, Michelle, I gotta let you go because we've run out of- My sister just picked up the phone. Michelle, I can't hear. We've run out of delay. We've got to go. We've got to go. We've got to go. We've got to go. We've got to go. We've got to go. We've got to go. We've run out of delay. We've got to let you go. We can't take a chance. Alright, Michelle? Alright, I was just nice talking to you. Definitely. Oh, my God. How many curses did she let fly there? God! What is with her? Mike! Mike! Yeah? Alright. Wait, wait, wait, wait! Be careful. Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no! I'm waiting for the delay to build up so we don't have much leeway here. Alright, I'll be- So if you're not here, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Alright, I'll be- So if you're going to say anything stupid and dirty, talking code. Well, I'll put it to you like that. Alright, go. She was going to release some big secret secret last night, right? Yeah. So what could it be? My thing was maybe she'll tell you exactly where on the dress the stain was. Right. Was it on the lapel? Was it on the inside of the front? Yeah. Inside of the back? Right. I mean, that would have been something to reveal. Inside of the back. You know what I'm saying? I get a little perspective as to where this relationship really was. It was a fluff interview. It was boring as hell. Well, I mean, I was hoping something like that. When she was talking about flipping the dress up and showing her G-string to the president, just picture that big white fish belly white ass. Oh, man, right? With Bill Clinton looking at it, you know, like playing like a 19th century photographer with a dress, popping the cloth over his head. Hey, baby! So what's going on in his mind? He's like, you know what? I'm in the office all alone. I got her or Betty out in the lobby. Yeah, Betty Curry. Let's take the luxury to two evil shit. All right, man. Thanks for participating, Mike. All right. All right. Yeah, but I don't think she really takes it seriously to this point. I don't think so. She was laughing, giggling. She seemed like she still likes talking. She's talking about it. There's still that little element of adventure. Of course. She's somebody because of this whole thing. That's fine. Who cares? She's chuckling. I don't know. I kind of found it a little less. I thought she should have been a little more sorry. Now, of course, Anthony, we wanted someone else to interview Monica. Yes. We got to play a couple of leaves from yesterday because they were a big hit. Instead of Barbara Walters interviewing Monica last night, we wanted someone like, I don't know, William Shatner to interview Monica. I mean, it would have sounded something like this. I wouldn't like that. Monica, you're a beautiful woman, so full and sensuous. I'm wondering, is your oral technique more like that of the oneself creatures of the den of a colony that latch on to their prey, sucking and sucking till their life doesn't live, or more like the salt-sucking monsters of Camus II? Answer. You've got an ass like Uhura, and your mouth looks like the Doomsday Machine that destroyed the USS Constellation and killed Commodore Decker. Big and inviting. Did her mouth look like the Doomsday Machine, I hope? Well, that's what William Shatner said. It was big and inviting. Sure. That's for sure. Or another one that everyone enjoyed. Instead of Barbara Walters interviewing Monica, it would have been much more exciting to hear Howard Stern. Sure. He does a lot of interviews these days. Interview Monica. Now, what would that sound like, Anthony? Hey, honey. Look at you, huh? I would do you. So you ever go Lesbo? Yeah, I can picture that. Can't you, Robin? Right, Jackie? Lesbo sex. Yeah. Hey, you're hot. Hey, your ass is a little big, but I like that. Hey, take off that top, honey. Let's see those cans. I'd watch that. I'd watch that. Of course. It's been more entertaining than Barbara. And of course, the one everyone is talking about today. We got probably a hundred emails on this overnight. Instead of Barbara Walters interviewing Monica, it would have been so much cooler if Dice did it. Yes. All right, I'd like to welcome this whale to my show, huh? And you know you're a whale because I can see your butt. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. I'm a whale. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony. Hey, I just burped up some of my Thai lunch. Speaking of which. Burp on the air. Well, stealing Howard's bit. Sorry. That's right. Don't want to piss off Howard. My God. All right. Anyway, I got to call you out on something though. I don't like when you do this. Why? Without consulting me before the break. Hey, the show's about honesty. We try to keep it real here. We don't do fake little goofy fun little breaks where we make believe it was spontaneous and stuff and it's actually written down. We don't do that. We turn on the mics and let it go. What's your problem? Well, we're sitting down eating some Thai food. By the way, that was some good stuff, wasn't it? Very good. We had an Asian, what are they called? A Taiwanese waiter? A Thai waiter. A Thai waiter? They're just called Thai. They're just Thai's? Yeah. All right. What did you say about how Asian people talk? What? I picked up the menu and I started reading it. Right. I just pointed to the menu. Well, there was one dish that had a King Pow and then a W-E-E. King Pow-E. Or W-A-A. They need two A's in the middle to get that whole wah thing going. Yeah. Like you can't just be a, you know, W-E-E-L-K. It's got to be wee. So what did you say? You said... I don't know what you're talking about. Now did you say every Asian person sounds like this or just that particular gentleman that was helping us today? I believe it was just that particular gentleman that was helping us today. So he... This might not be indicative of all Asian gentlemen. One oh two seven W-A-W, the Rock of New York, Metallica, turn the page. It's Opi, it's Anthony and it's our pal Ralph DeTour hanging in the studio. You stayed late today because it's Free Beer Thursday, a new concept that the boss came up with today. I love this. It's a great idea, right? A little insane, I think. So everyone... Why not? Everyone's drinking and we're kind of technically not allowed to drink because we're on the air. You guys can't. I've done that before. I'm waiting for Heroin Monday. That's what I'm waiting for. I want Crank Wednesday. Yeah, when's Gary going to instate Crystal Meth Tuesday? Put it in the suggestion box, man. It's a great idea but honestly it's not going to last. No. We got two of these. Why? We'll be able to drink this Thursday and we'll be able to drink next Thursday and then the foot is coming down. Yeah. Definitely. I think it's a good idea. This doesn't seem very corporate. No, no. Not at all. I can't see. Hey, this will take off. It's sort of like that Dress Down Friday thing we do. We all just drink. It frees up the thought processes though. Well, it does. What other office in New York is doing this where they have free beer Thursday for all their employees? We're trendsetters. And we bet you complain about our jobs. We have the easiest jobs in America. Oh, I know. Believe me. We know that now. We love my job. I worked for Living Opie. You don't have to tell me Mr. Caddy. Oh, dude. Come on, man. I don't think you are a good judge of how easy this job is. I never did anything. Well, I think I'm a better judge at how easy this job is. I was a computer programmer for Xerox for a few years. Wait, wait, wait. It was computer programming back in the early 80s. What was that, Pong? It was pretty much. It was, yeah. You're right. Wow, there's tens of lines of code in this. You're right. Honestly, do you want to know my work history? Yeah. Let me hear your little resume. Okay. I started when I was like 10, delivering Penny Savers with my mom. Then I graduated to get my own paper route. Okay. Wow. Then I was a caddy for 12 years at the Huntington Crescent Club in Huntington. What's up, boys? All right. Caddy. Boys on the bench for 12 years. Caddy. Oh, that's rough. Were you thinking about making a profession? Well, from 14 to 26. It was a great college gig, too. Boy, that must have been rough in the winters and the snow. Oh, that's right. They don't play often in the winter. I got to come to OP's defense here. I was a caddy as well. It's not. What is this, like a radio thing? Well, no. You got a caddy for it? Anthony, did you double bag? Double bag? Double bag's a bitch. Double loops. Twice a day. Come on. Anthony, trust me. Trust me. Those guys always cheat and try to put extras clubs in there and stuff. They have rules. They're all supposed to have extras. Anthony, they yelled at you. They would throw their club and you had to go chase it in the woods. If you didn't, you lost your money. There was our own little hell involved. At least you were in a private club, right? Was it private? It was private. See, I caddied to Beth Page when they had caddies as a public course. Well, that's nasty. At least these guys knew what they were doing. The cards were so old, the recommended tip was $350. Some of them stuck to it for six hours' work. Yeah, it was brutal. You tell Ty Webb I'm gunning for him if he's half as good as he says he is. He's going to have to play me to prove it. Oh, Anthony, when that movie came out, forget about it. It was great. We saw that movie about 20 times when we were looping. Now winning that caddy tournament. So then I was a caddy. Then I started my little radio career when I was 18. I did that. So you never... Well, listen, it's almost done. Then I went to Xerox for a year and a half. Computer programs. Then after college, after I had my degree, I hung out in the town for another year and I worked at a video store. During the day, this is a true story. Very strenuous. During the day, I would hang out. All my fraternity brothers would come in and just take movies off the shelves. I couldn't ask them to pay for them. I saw clerks. I know how it works. All right. We would watch, and this is the truth, we'd watch pornos all day long and then a mom would come in with her kid to pick out a movie and I would be pissed because I'd have to turn off the porno. This poor guy made no money. I got fired from that and I think that was it. And then radio. Now I'm doing radio full time. I'm sorry. I can't sympathize. I don't think you have really honestly worked hard at manual labor where you are busting your hump in all types of weather, on rooftops, using machinery, using heavy tools. Aside from the caddying, he's got you. Who? Even the caddying. I'll be the first to admit that Anthony had a much tougher job. First of all, it's got to be beautiful weather for you to caddy. No, we caddy in the rain and in the snow. I don't think Heist's going to come down for quite some time. Exactly. And I'll give it to you. I know you worked your ass off twice as hard as me. No doubt about it. I'm not going to argue that point. Thank you. I just want the appreciation that I so deserve. Damn it, is that too much to ask for? I thought we were going to hear Anthony's resume now. I was lucky. Oh, everyone knows what I heard about Anthony's resume. Anthony's resume is pretty much hard labor from the time he was 8 to 30. He was crawling through it, a 20 by 20 duct in a hospital, a ventilation duct with chia pets growing on the inside of tuberculosis. And they tell you, you just had to go. Anthony, get your saws all. Get in that duct. You're going to have to cut a 20 by 20 hole in the wall. And it's venting the TB ward. All right, great. Can I put a tissue over my mouth or something? You don't need that. What are you, a fag? No, I don't. I'll go. Yeah, it was hell. Well, tell them about the spackle buckets. I learned a lot from Anthony. Well, on the job sites, a lot of times when we were in there installing the HVAC duct work, the bathrooms weren't in yet. It was sticks, two by fours. So the bathroom facilities weren't there. They had some portable toilets sometimes. You wouldn't even go near them, never mind in them. And some of the trades, some of the newbies would go in them and you'd run out with duct tape and duct tape the door shut and then start rocking it. And the kids crying, stop, stop tipping them. You're just seeing this sloshing mess, thinking of what it'll be like if it tips over. This happens. This is job sites. That was in a movie, wasn't it? Well, what about this? It happens all the time. It's all about the spackle buckets. So that's the big part. So a lot of guys would go in the empty spackle buckets that are laying around in a lot of job sites. And which is enough, you know, you talk about butt ring, you know, that ingrained in your butt. But then you just put the lid on and put it somewhere. So there was always a running rule, you never open the closed spackle bucket. But then you get some people like, hey, you know, I could use this for my tools. Okay, newbie. Yeah, you open that spackle bucket. Go ahead. the top. It's like, oh, there's something in here. Grab it. Yeah, always. And the other part about Anthony's prior life, you guys used to blame each other when you break stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you have to. You didn't really want to take the blame for anything. You break a brand new bathtub in a job site and you're all. I was doing a job once. It was this retirement home and the bathroom is done all perfect. Nice. So what I would do was put a little eight by eight grill over the bathtub, little ventilation grill. So I get my ladder and I make sure I put little paper down so it doesn't scratch the inside of the tub. And I go up with my Makita drill and I have the Phillips head attachment on the thing and I go to screw it in. I drop the drill. I watch in slow motion as it spins. It hits perfect right on the Phillips head and goes, boom, sticks in the bathtub making a hole in the tub. So what do I do? Go to the super and say, Hey, excuse me. I seem to have made a mistake and I dropped the drill in the vent. Took a piece of cardboard, throw it over the hole, leave and took the grill down. I was never in there. I seem to miss that one with the grill. I didn't do a, I didn't do one 12. I forgot that one hole in the tub. What crap in the spackle bucket. What? This guy says he has an easier job than we do. Really? Peter, what do you got? I, yeah, I was just listening to you guys. I want to tell you I have an easier job than you do. What do you do? I work as a personal trainer. I work only four days a week, four hours a day. I get paid 75 bucks each hour to watch fat ladies work out in their homes. The easiest scam in the world. All you got to do is get certified, get a bunch of clients and there you go. So you go to the fat lady's house? Yep. I train them at home. It's the easiest way. I make the most money. Go right to that house. I hate to say this, but put that chubby little butt on the treadmill. Really? Yep. Tell them to do a few crunches and there you go. What is it? Do you just know it's a lost cause with some of these people? You look at them and it's like, oh, they're never going to do anything. The only thing that's frustrating is that you know some of them are never going to change. You know, you know, as soon as you leave, the twinkies are going to go through their mouth. They're sitting there watching General Hospital all day eating bonbons and no matter how many crunches they do, they're still going to look like fat pigs. Now Peter, I've got to ask you. Yeah? Have you ever flopped one of them? No. Let's put it this way. There may not be a 401k plan, but they are a benefit, you know? You flopped some of these ladies? Oh, come on. Around Christmas time you get a nice tip, you know? Oh, work them out on the treadmill, huh? So what's the move usually? Didn't Dice have a routine about that? Yeah. You're rolling. Roll them in flour and look for the gimmicky. All right. Wait, I want to know what the move is. What's the move when you're thinking of flopping one of them? You know, usually it kind of just happens. I bet it's their move. It's their move and it's easier than taking candy from a baby. I'll tell you that. What are you, a muscle guy, right? You got to... Believe it or not, I'm not a huge guy. I'm not a really big guy. No, but you're probably defined and a lot of the women that are your clients probably look at you and they're all, I haven't seen that for a while. Yep. Yep. And you see the husband and you see why that payment is the money they do. Oh, man. You might have an easier job. Yep. I have an easier job, guys, but you know, you guys have a great job too. I just wanted to share with you. Yeah, but you're like banging Linda Tripp lookalike. Come on. We get to look at like... Oh, human or a crotch child, we get to look at, you know, like women like Tara. Oh, yeah. All right, man. All right. Take it easy, guys. Thanks. Later. That's a pretty good job. Very good. Yeah. All right. We got to take a quick break. Night, man. Is it true Reverend Al Sharpton is calling us today? Is that what I'm hearing? Yeah, he was arrested yesterday. Yeah. Tragic. And yeah, I think he's going to call from Rikers. From Rikers? Yeah. Wow. Why not? It's another exclusive for us. The Rack of New York 1027 W-A-W, the latest from Collective Soul. Heavy off their CD dosage. Collective Soul coming to town March 29th and 30th. 30th. 30. Wow, I almost sound like Mad Dog for a minute there. 29th and 30th? I can't believe it. That's 29th and 30th. 30th. Toyota. What a fabulous car that Toyota is. Bowery Ballroom for Collective Soul on the 29th and 30th of March. Tickets on sale now. I'm just slurring my words and I'm not even participating in Free Beer Thursday with the rest of the staff here at N.E.W. You must have a contact buzz from the beers everyone else is drinking here on Beer Thursday. What is wrong with this place? No wonder we're at the bottom of the ratings pile. This is the ideas we come up with. Let's celebrate our horrible ratings by having Free Beer Thursday. Maybe we can't do any worse, drunk. That should be part of the motto. My Lord. Alright, I needed some stimuli so I went with the espresso. That's why I'm slurring my words. Wow. Yeah, Mocha espresso. Wow. Alright, anyway. Yeah, where's Ralph? Yeah, Ralph has the Sable Playboy. We want to look through that with Ralphie. Casey Masterpiece Barbecue Lace Potato Chips. Fork those over. Those things rock. Anthony, a lot of people commenting about the interview last night. We don't want to harp on it too long today. But people are coming up with some very interesting comments. Dan and Queens through the instant feedback. Did anyone else notice how stiff her hair was? Yeah. Like it was just plastered to her head. Hmm. Well, Dan sums it up because I was looking at her hair and all I kept thinking of was that scene from There's Something About Mary. A lot of people came up with that. It's true. Yeah. She had professional makeup. People do her all up. That's why she kind of looked pretty good face-wise. I think this is the best instant feedback of the day thus far. Andrew from Glen Cove. I agree with you about Monica's mouth. Yeah, we went off on how well-looped it was the whole interview. We couldn't get past that. She had no cotton mouth and it was just glistening the whole interview. Every time she talked from back to front, her tongue or teeth or gums glistening. Glistening. She gargled with Vaseline. She didn't have the spit strings on the side of her mouth when she was talking or that little white spit that goes on the corner of the mouth sometimes when you talk to somebody. Have you ever had to talk to somebody after they just smoked weed and it's like they got that thing going, hey man, what's up? Is that just, you're like, oh God, dude, drink something. Hey, that was pretty good. That's some good weed, man. Got any more of that? Oh God. That's the truth. All right, so Andrew from Glen Cove, he agrees with us about Monica's mouth. But my girlfriend pointed out that if she was getting wet on her dress, she can't be that good because she didn't finish. I should point out that my girlfriend is no slouch in the Home Department. She just got out of the hospital after four days from a car accident and the first thing she did when we got home was planted my butt on the couch and got out the proverbial knee pads. Oh my God. No. She gave me a Hummer right there still wearing the cervical collar for her injured neck. That's some scene. Is that a trooper or what? If you ever start a Hummer Hall of Fame, I'd like to nominate her. Thank you, Andrew, for participating in the radio show. There's some heart. There's some spirit. You can't keep her down or from going. All right, very good. And we're not even the drunk ones around here. The whole staff is looking at us in shock. What's coming out of our mouths and you guys are the ones that are getting hammered. Let me know when it's safe to drink. Okay, so Ralph's got Playboy with Sable in it. The issue that's not on stands for another week. Yeah, about that. Correct. So you got a copy. I know you got some friends in high places and while these pictures are even better, we were just seeing the pictures on the internet. Yeah. And would you like a look? Yeah, let me take a look. You've been you've been bogarting the Sable issue. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, well, she's definitely had those implants. I don't think I don't think anyone's wondering about that. She's got the weird nippies. It looks like the pop up timer when you're cooking a turkey. Yeah. Right. It just okay. She shaved though. I don't know what she's doing down there. Well, she's got a Mohawk happening down there or an exclamation point. It's a major exclamation point where like it starts out big and then narrows out as it goes down. You know, like the fancy cartoon exclamation point. I'll never look at her the same way again now when she comes strutting out onto the squared circle of the WWF. Well, she was supposed to be here in the studio with us today. No, she is. She is. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. This is just as good as seeing her live. Yeah. She wouldn't take her clothes off though for us, would she? Oh, no, that for a fact. I don't think so. No, she's Sable. Yeah. Hmm. Looking good. Well, Ralph, thanks for bringing this in. Hmm. I like her. My pleasure. What? Anything for you guys. You know, it's just guys are just we're just pigs, man. Sable, take your clothes off. I don't want to see Vince stripper naked. And you got to do the famous she's naked bit because it's just what guys do. It's just so bad. Yeah. I mean, you could be in a high profile meeting or ruling the free world and all of a sudden a playboy breaks out and all of a sudden everyone loses their concentration, all the guys. You ever see the commercial for Beggen strips for the dog? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you're ready to leave. Yeah. You're nursing that $10 beer. You're down at the bottom. You're looking at the time. You got to go. You've seen 18 girls take the stage, different girls, and you're ready to leave of all varieties. And then a girl comes out that you haven't seen yet. Or one walks in the door with her bag, you know, like she's ready on the on deck circle. You're like, well, I guess I got a couple of minutes. You've seen 18 different naked girls, but you'd saw this one walk in and now you have to see her. Sure. Cause hopefully a bit of a naked. Where is she? I can't see. And we just get like that. Even on the streets of New York, if you just catch a girl bending over something, you get a quick peek or something, you know, naked. Guys are like dogs when it comes to that. I wish people could see you do this. We could be having the most intelligent conversation on the street corner and a girl comes by and she's not wearing a bra and you can see the whole package. Yeah. The guys just lose it like dogs. It's true. Just stand on my kind of head. How'd you do yesterday? Ah, Mark. It was a little down. I think I got out in time. I called holy geez. Look at the ass on her. That's an ass, isn't it? Just in mid-stripe. And then you could just take right back up where you are. So she's out of eyesight. There's the two brains. The brain for everything and then the sex brain, which can just cut in at any moment. Doesn't matter. That's part of being a man. All right. Sorry, ladies. Well, I don't think they know how that is. Thanks for the playboy, Ralph. They enjoy the naked thing girls like the Chippendales and stuff, but they just don't crave it as much. Like they can, me and the girls are planning on going to Chippendales in two months. Two months. We haven't planned. We're gone. Guys are like, it's like a phone call. Hey, Billy, you want to go down to the carousel tonight? Yeah. Tonight, naked. Oh boy, I'm naked. We don't plan like two months later to do things. They can wait. Like if you plan something, yeah, two months, we're going to the strip joint. Oh, great. Why don't we go tonight? All right. And end in two months. And every day in between. Girls are like, two months, we have a plan. A little bachelorette party. Circle of date on your calendar. Circle of date. Oh boy, I almost forgot. Tomorrow is... Maybe we could go in the morning and at night. All right. I got a statement for all the guys driving home right now. It's in Playboy, the April issue with Sable on the cover. There's an article in here, Anthony. Oh really? I think it's self-explanatory and I think a lot of them. Huh? Yeah, I'm a homo. You know, I'm a homo. You got me. Does oral sex die at the altar? Wow. Well, that's the question. How many guys are laughing in their car right now? An exclusive Playboy report. I still get it. Yeah? Why not? Ralph? Oh my God, he's going to run out of here and throw that bottle of LeBat blue at your head. If Ralph's wife is listening, Ralph left the studio a long time ago. I figured it would be funny to say, Ralph. He's not going to say anything. The guy that just gave me the finger is not Ralph. He's not in here. He's not in here drinking, looking over the pictures of Sable with us. It's not Ralph. It's just the guy that looks a lot like him. Ralph Smith. Yeah, that's the Ralph we're talking about. Ralph Smith. Well, Ralph got in trouble for pointing out what girl he thought was hot in the kiss issue. Yeah. Did you get in trouble for that? No. He's not talking, man. He's not here. I'm telling you. We're just making believe he's here. How long have you been married, man? I thought I'd get on with that one. Is it 10 years? The lung of it? He's turning his mic off. How long? 18. 18 years. 18 years. Wow. Congrats. This June. And everything is still as passionate as from the beginning. Everything is wonderful. That's good. Kathy's really cool. We love Kathy. All right. I know, but what's his wife's name? But I got to tell you, folks. Holly, what do you got? I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. I got a little girl. Holly, what do you got? I was just saying, first of all, you guys are killing me with the naked thing. That's just too funny. I got a great metal picture. And second of all, women can plan two months in advance to go to Chippendales because we're used to the delayed gratification thing. Oh, that hurt. Below the belt. Cool. Wow. That's quick. That's good. Well, I mean, come on. All right. We'll let you have that one. All right. Thanks. All right. We get touching her. Did she touch? First of all, there's no touching. You sit there like a puppet putting dollar bills and G-strings. And now it's at the point where they might as well just get an intermediary to take your money. You know? Yeah. The little guy to take your money. She appreciates it. She loves you. Thank you. So you're not really, there's no contact. I don't know what the girls get upset about. And the Chippendales shows, oh, look at me. Look at me, Karen. Look at me. I'm so much fun at Chippendale. Look at me. Katie, Katie, take a picture while I bend over. Oh. Anthony? What? How do you know that? I've heard stories. I've seen the pictures. Take a picture. Oh, and they're going crazy. They take the dollars and they're shoving them right down there. Yeah. It is definitely different. And the guys are just so interested in the ladies. All right. When is Reverend Al Collin? 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Another track from Eve Six. That's Leech. Soapy and Anthony. Hey. Hope you're having fun. We're rocking and rolling here for you on Free Beer Thursday. Unbelievable. I bet you people listening to this don't believe it. No, it is Free Beer Thursday at NEW. Our boss, we had another one of those really stupid, boring meetings. We had to be at work five hours early just to have a meeting. That could have taken probably five minutes in a memo. A memo, yeah. Could have been a memo. But he announced at the meeting. At the end. That Thursdays here at NEW will be Free Beer Thursdays where everyone can get together in a loose atmosphere, drink beer, and trade ideas and talk. And promote alcoholism. I don't. Well, honestly this is just obviously not going to last. We're going to enjoy it today. We're going to enjoy it next Thursday. And I think by then it's going to be over with. And the time slide is kind of weird because we can't enjoy it. Right. It starts at four o'clock so basically the entire staff of NEW kind of just writes off the last hour and a half of work. Something that I think is a good thing to do when you're suffering so badly in the ratings. It's good to celebrate the fact that we suck by having the staff drink together. We should have amphetamines Friday. That way the people get all perked up to do things. It's just amazing. It's good. Crystal meth Tuesday. And I bet people think we make up after stuff. No, there's no making this stuff up. This is as real as it gets. If we made it up it would be silly. There's people just walking around the halls drinking beer together. Instead of trying to figure out how to get out of the ratings dump. Has anyone communicated any great ideas through this beer drinking ritual that has been enacted here? Well, Ben the fag is in the studio. No, Ben. You guys are all drinking, right? Everybody's drinking. Really? Is any work getting done whatsoever? Well, I mean, you know. I actually... I'm calling great programming on here. Here it is. We all drink a lot of beer every day of the week, alright? Come on now. Our beer's great. Now what have you done since 4 o'clock? Since Free Beer Thursday started. I went and purchased the beer with Earl. Well, you did something. That's great. And I got the tub at SK Mart. Tub of ice. I actually, when I got back after I started with my first beer, I did check my email. And I did return a few calls. Oh my God. This is pathetic. Alright. Well, that's great. Alright. Maybe they're trying to relive... I'm trying to get an idea of where this is going. Maybe they're trying to bring back like the glory days of NEW when Scott Muni used to have scotch every day. Is that it? Maybe the tie-in there? Some kind of alcohol tie-in? Now, Earl, what's going on with Free Beer Thursday? Is anything getting done? Is it a rousing success in the book? I mean, I think it's a great book. It's a great book. It's a great book. It's a great book. It's a great book. It's a great book. Is it getting done? Is it a rousing success in the back offices? I don't drink, so I'm getting work done. See the difference? Earl doesn't drink. He's getting work done. Ben the Fag loves drinking and has done nothing. There's a great commercial for alcoholism. At least. What? See, who wouldn't think that drinking would promote hard work? Is everyone smashed? No. Not at all. No one's out of line yet? No, not yet. Not yet? The night is still early. All right. It's only ten to six. It's only ten to six. It would have been an hour. Just wait until the big, big, big, big, big boss finds out about Free Beer Thursday. How are the other stations at countering this? I don't know. Are they doing Quaalude Monday? Weed Wednesday. Weed Wednesday. All right. Well, great. Have fun, guys, with the free beer and stuff. We have Reverend Al on the phone, Anthony. Yes, we do. Now, what happened with Reverend Al? What's the latest news on the Rev? Well, he took some protesters yesterday to Wall Street and had a sit-in. And, of course, they arrested him. Reverend Al sat down? Yeah. Now I know why we have such a pothole problem in this town. That's what he was arrested for. For the construction of public property. He sat down. All right. So he sat down and he wanted to get arrested, I'm assuming? Yeah, yeah. A lot of it. He put out a little statement and said, anybody who doesn't want to get arrested, don't join him. Okay. No, he will be getting arrested. All right. So he's online, too, here, I guess? Yeah. All right. Let's put Reverend Al on the phone. Let me... I think I've got to check my messages or something. Where are you going? I'll be right back. Get Al on the phone. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. You sure? I've got to go. Yeah, yeah. You know, this happens every single time. We get an exclusive interview and Anthony just leaves the studio. I don't understand what his problem is, man. Reverend Al, are you there? Reverend Al? Nobody knows the trouble I've seen. Nobody... Oh! Hello? Yeah. Hello? Yeah, Reverend Al! I can't sit down! The Reverend Al can't sit down! Last night I was made a bitch! What do you mean? I was made a bitch! I was sold to Luther on D Block for seven new parts and a cherry fruit roll-up. Last night your Reverend Al got the old Johnny Cochran right where it counts. Ow! I put up the good fight, and after all the pushing and shoving, Reverend Al got some backdoor lovin'. Ow! Oh! On the good side, I was voted Queen of the weight room prom, here at Racket. I say! I am outraged! They called me Reverend Alice. Reverend Alice! Jeez! It was never part of Reverend Al's plan that I ever, ever get meat in a camp. Ow! But I'm trying to fit in. I'm trying hard. All right. Now wait a minute. Reverend Al, you have way too much dignity to do something like that. Come on. I was hungry! I danced like Johnny Jackson. Oh my God! I was starving! Then I got assaulted in the laundry room. Oh yeah? Yeah. I was by a washing machine doing laundry. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. I was in the laundry room. Oh yeah? Yeah. I was by a washing machine doing my laundry. And a man walked in and said, can I put my load in there? And I said, sure! Sure, there's plenty of room. Get your friends loads too. Damn, damn, was that a mistake? Help me. The Latin kings are on my tail, so please send me your cash so I can make bail. Damn, where's my, oh, my time's up. The guard is coming. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm going to get my money. I'm on my tail, so please send me your cash so I can make bail. Damn, where's my, oh, my time's up. The guard is here. I am outraged. Back to myself. Leave the Reverend's ass alone. Leave the Reverend's ass. Don't call me Brandy. Don't call me Brandy. Help me. Help me. Wow, Reverend Al, exclusive from Rikers, I guess. That's not how I like them. Anthony, where the hell were you? Huh? Where the hell were you? We just had Reverend Al. I was checking my messages. I thought a pager went off. You just missed it. Reverend Al live from Rikers. I don't understand where you go. I was in Perry White's office talking to Lois. Was Superman here? Call 800-FOR-SNOW. Real. Close. Howdy Mountain. Oh, sorry about that, Jimmy. AnthonyPriceline.com. Priceline, great service, Elfie. You're going to be staying in a hotel any time in the near future. You want to pay the full price for that hotel room or do you want to name your own price for the hotel room? Then save lots and lots of cash. I think you want to name your own price. Plus, Priceline will throw in a free hotel room if you use their service. Call us 1-800-Priceline on the telephone or www.Priceline.com on the computer. Priceline, what a wonderful service for your century. It's fabulous. You think so? Of course. When was the last time you used the service, Mr. Shatner? When I was on Triacus. Triacus. I shacked up with that bimbo. One of the thralls, we utilized their free night in the hotel. It was wonderful. It was a threesome. Me, her and Spock. Did she have a trouble in her pants? Yes. They aren't very big on grooming in Triacus. I see. Yes, yes. It was fabulous. A wonderful time. All right. Back to the bridge. I felt so invigorated with Priceline. It's going to be big, really big. That's what she said when she looked at my pants. On that note, Priceline.com, it really is a great service. If you're going away in the near future, you need a flight or a hotel room. They're working the hotel rooms right now. At the least, you should visit them on the web, www.priceline.com, or give them a call, 1-800-Priceline, and see what those guys can do for you. Once again, if you use their hotel service, they will throw in a free hotel night. You can't beat that with a floosglob. What is that? 1027-WNEW, the rock of New York, free. All right now, it's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Up next, we're going to be playing the latest from Sammy Hagar. Haven't heard that yet. We've got to check that out together here. Sammy Hagar coming in what, Tuesday? That's what I hear. This coming Tuesday, we've got Sammy Hagar coming into the Opie and Anthony show and Johnny Lang. Johnny Lang. Separate visits. Johnny Lang is going to perform for us, and then later on, we'll have Sammy Hagar for an interview. It's going to be a lot of fun. Make sure you're listening, okay? Yes. Mike from Inglewood. Do you have that Dice Clay routine in a Wave format? I'd kill to have that on my computer. Can you email it to me? Mike, if you're listening, get a tape ready. We'll play it one more time so you can get it on tape and put it on your own computer. We really have to start putting a lot more of our bits on the Internet, Anthony. I know. I had the Reverend Al song up there, but people said they were having a hard time downloading it. It was taking a long time, and then it would cut out in the middle of downloading. I don't know. All right. Well, let's try putting it up there again. I will. All right. I will do that tonight right after I get done playing Half Life. So, five in the morning. All right. Also, Mike goes on to say, by the way, didn't believe a f'ing word about that abortion thing that Monica was talking about last night during the interview. I guess Monica had an abortion with another guy. Oh, yeah, yeah. Right after the Clinton affair, she starts seeing another guy got pregnant, and she announced to the whole world she had an abortion. Yeah, his name was Will Stinton. Yeah, yeah, that was it. Will Stinton was his name. Well, Mike writes, I had an abortion with my boyfriend George Glass. Now, that's sick. He's George Glass. Everyone was thinking that it was Clinton's kid when she said it. Well, Mike doesn't believe it. He says it's a victim routine, and then Mike writes, and this could be the sickest line of the show, Mike is surprised she didn't say that as well. Oh. And a hush goes over the crowd, but she did. I wouldn't be surprised. You want to play the dice thing real fast because someone is trying to get this on tape. Okay, yeah, roll your tape if you want this. Basically, the set up really fast. Barbara Walters did a horrible job with the interview last night, and we thought it would be much more exciting if Andrew Dice Clay had the interview. She would have cried a little more, I think. Yeah, so check this out real fast. All right, I'd like to welcome this whale to my show, huh? And you know you're a whale because I can see your blowhole. Yay! So you're sucking Clinton's dick, right? Does he blow his dick on that chubby face of yours, or does he pull out and dick all over your big dick, huh? Come on, answer the question. Answer the question, you whore. Answer the question! Oh, look, now she's going to cry. Get up, Barbara Walters, you're going to cry, huh? You'll look at her a little bit. Answer the question. Watch your mouth, fool. You fucking whore. Look at this big, huh? I don't want you on my fucking show. Get the fuck out of here, you fucking, fucking, fucking, ring. God, I don't watch that. I've heard that a hundred times. It's still just as fun, man. I'm going to see the Dice Man Saturday. Yes, you are. And they're governors. And he's avoiding our show. I can't understand why. I know. I don't understand it either. I just hope they put me right up front. You know, we have a... Look at this jerk off up front, huh? Jerk off you? Who? What? You call me a jerk off? You're a jerk off, jerk off. You know, we have a... I don't know, the tape quality is really bad, though. All right, get it. Oh, the Dice Dice? Yeah, maybe if we set it up and tell the people the quality is really bad, but I think you still would get a pretty good laugh out of this. We were doing the Grammys, what, two years ago in L.A.? Yeah. At another radio station, obviously, before we got fired for saying the mayor was dead. Oopsie. Little mistake. It cost us our jobs. Hey, it was funny, right? That's funny stuff. The mayor's dead, right? What? I'm what? Anyway, so we're at the Grammys. In L.A., a couple years back, and we had an interview with Andrew Dice Clay. Yeah. And we're like, what the hell are we going to do with Andrew Dice Clay? There's a husband, everything failed that he did, and it was like, what are we going to do with him, you know? Yeah. So Anthony gets the bright idea that he's going to interview Dice as Dice. Piss him off. To completely piss him off, and we got a tape of it. Yeah. You won't even be able to tell who is the real Dice and who's Anthem. Try to follow along at home. I know the quality is a little bad, but I think it's worth playing right now, so check it out, all right? All right, let's hear it. 107.3W. Oops. This is Andrew Dice Clay. Let me tell you something. Forget the music. I'm on here. You understand Boston? You know, I know people. I know Patty Ross. She's my friend. She insisted we stop the record. We're just glad to see you. I want the record. Wait, wait, wait. We're just glad to see you. All right, plug your HBO special again. Let's go into position. May 11, 10 p.m. on HBO. Andrew Dice Clay, thanks a lot. Okay, thank you, guys. And that's an excellent impression. I really dig you. Thank you, guys. And when I come to Boston, I'll come on your gang all over you. No, come on the show again. All right, go. I got to get out of here before I get nasty. All right, man. Andrew Dice Clay, huh? You know, the illustrious Dice. Yeah, a trip down memory lane with that one. That was amazing. You want to heckle fight? Another clown. All right, well, I don't know if he's going to come in and hang with us this time around. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if he's going to come in and hang with us this time around. I don't know. I think he's gotten some reports that he's on the show all the time anyway. So why bother? I guess he's too big for us now. All right, New York, 1027WNEW. Latest from Sammy Hagar, Mas Tequila from his forthcoming CD, Red Voodoo. Right, Ralph? What can you tell us about Sammy Hagar's CD? When does it come out? I'm not exactly sure. Probably another month at least, right? Yeah, within three to four weeks probably. Okay. He's doing that thing over at... Can we say this? Yeah. We can talk about it, right? The Hard Rock? The Hard Rock's next Thursday. Yes, Tuesday. Next Tuesday. What are the names? You're going to listen to win tickets to see Sammy Hagar. You can only win them here. At the Hard Rock Cafe. And of course, he's coming in for an interview that day as well on our show. You guys are busy that day. You've got Johnny Lang playing live and then Sammy getting crazy with you. All this coming Tuesday. Yes. So we can't wait. I've got to ask him what prompted him to make a song like Rock and Roll Part 2 by Gary Glitter. Yeah, that's exactly what it is. He admits it on the back of the CD. It says, it contains replayed elements from Rock and Roll Part 2. Yeah, he fesses up. I mean, it's a great song. And then he writes, written by the pedophile Gary Glitter. Did you hear what happened to him? Gary Glitter? Yeah, I know, but he didn't write that. That's just brilliant. Well, it says here on the back, it contains replayed elements from Rock and Roll Part 2 written by the pedophile Gary Glitter. It doesn't say pedophile. Someone wrote that in there. My computer is broken. Let me take it to get it serviced. And the guy, this is actually what happened. Gary Glitter's computer broke. He took it to a place to get it fixed. And when they popped it up and fixed it, boom, up pops kitty porn pictures of young boys. So he is screwed. Who knew Gary Glitter would have been into young boys? They should have thrown him in jail for that hair helmet he's been wearing these days. You see behind the music with Gary Glitter or whatever it is? I saw him come out when the Who was doing the Quadrophenia thing. Yeah, that was great. And he came out and it was just like, oh my goodness, what is he doing? What is that? What is this load doing on stage? Get off. What was going on? He just looked like he was all in this tight stuff and his big fat belly and everything. It was the mods and the rockers. He was just a mess though. He was a rocker. I mean it might have been cool years ago to have him out there but he was kind of distracted from things. All right. Matt wants to get his plug in. His shameless plug. He wants to completely halt our show to plug himself in. Look at that. I don't even know if it's going to happen the way the Pacer Earl is moving. Really? Earl is driving the van up to the beacon. Yeah, but the Allman Brothers are pushing it up there. And Matt Devotee with his black eye was like, oh my goodness, what is he doing? His black eye will be on stage to intro the Allman Brothers. You know, I'm torn. I've always hated guys who wore shades indoors. Like you, Pompous Windbag.