 I replaced that I put things to put them in a safe place and it's not there. No. I don't know where it is. I found a W-200, the McDonald's wrappers in my car. I'm not kidding, it's just a mess. When you move states halfway through the tax year like we did, then you've got to deal with that. It's just a big pain. It's just a ... I mean, trust me, we didn't make a lot of money last year, but why bother making any money? They just take it all anyway. I know. They've got ways to get it all from you. Why try to advance yourself financially? The way the country's built up, they penalize you for achieving any type of American dream. The more successful you get, the more you're penalized. Correct. To the point of ... I think they like it that way. The government, you know, I'm into the whole conspiracy thing. I think they like keeping people where they are constantly worried about bills and how they're going to raise their family, pay their mortgages and drive to work. They might not like their jobs. Just keep everybody in this constant state of, all right, we're kind of unhappy, but it's okay because it's worse than a lot of other places on the earth. Because then it keeps you from having these idle ideas that you might get like, wow, this kind of sucks. You know, we're paying so much taxes. So you don't rebel. It just amazes me that in general we don't speak up on taxes. We just take it. We all bend over and just take it. Because they take a little during the year. If you really sat down and thought about all the taxes we truly pay, it's frightening. You know what it is? It's a great little analogy, Opie. The way that we're taxed in this country is like if you take a frog and throw him into a pot of boiling water, he's going to freak out. Probably try to jump out of the pot, right? Sure. Put him in there and the water's cool and then turn the fire on and slowly heat it up, he'll stay in there until he cooks. He won't even notice until he's dead and cooked. That's a good analogy. That's how we're taxed. If at the end of the year they sent a bill that said you owe this much money, we'd freak out. People would be going to jail because you'd have spent the money and this and that. This is too much money. But every week they take a little bit out. Which is a lot. But it's just enough where you're pissed, but you're not ready to pull out the guns and rebel. But when you see what they take at the end of the year and then you do your tax and you're like, oh thank God, I'm getting back 250 bucks. It's like you're not getting back 250. They rate you for thousands. It's extortion is what it is. It is. You're paying protection money to the boss, which is the government, for police protection and roads. You know, you better pay up or there's going to be a lot of potholes on your road. You better pay up or there's a crook coming your house. Well the potholes are still on my roads. Yeah. I don't know. It is. So now you pay your tax dollars and we got to watch a little inaction last night. I think I paid for a rivet on one of the cruise missiles. That was a multi-thousand dollar rivet. Yeah, that's an interesting little situation as well. I don't know. I think we're primed for a rebellion. Who's going to lead it? I'm very busy. Yeah, exactly. You want to throw out the first phone call? Yeah, what do we got? I have no idea. We'll just plunk one down. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven if you got something. Hi, NW. Hi, Ope. And everyone, who's this? The whole gang. Pat from Staten Island. Who? Pat from Staten Island. What do you got, Pat? I wanted to rent my kids here to play the game. Yeah. Well, I had a kid today. They got married. Can you please say congratulations to Joe and Dee? All right, well you just said. We listen to you guys every day. Well, you're live on the air. Yeah, what do you want to say to them? Congratulations to my son, Joe and Dee. And good luck. All right, that's good luck. Really? Thank you guys so much. Are you having a little party right now? Oh yeah, we're partying all right. I can't talk, right? You can say asses. Oh, well we're partying our asses off. All right, cool. Thank you so much. Congratulations to you guys. Thank you. All right. Okay, bye. There you go. We got the first call. There it was. Cute little congratulatory. That was a lot of fun. It doesn't belong on this station. Okay, we'll play a song for the happy couple. White wedding. Hi, N.E.W. There you go. Yeah, very good. There's the second one. We're off to a great start today. Hi, N.E.W. N.E.W. Okay, very good. Is that working? Yeah, it's working. All right, we got a major concert announcement. We're going to be throwing out to the folks at five o'clock today. Oh, we do? Yeah. Oh, cool. I think Ben the Fag's going to come in and announce a really cool show. I was hoping it was right here because then I was going to tell you now. Because I hate when they tease and say it. Coming up at five o'clock, we have the info in the studio, but we're not going to tell you for the next two hours so you're stuck listening to the station. I swear if I had it, I would give it right now, but I don't. We'll try to find out what it is before five and busted. If not, Ben will be in here at five to tell everyone, okay? All right. All right, on the way we got Matchbox 20. We're going to clap the next. Now the phones are ringing like crazy. We'll go to those next. You can send faxes to one, two, nine, five, seven, W, N, E, W. And our instant feedback, I don't know if it's working today. Let me take a quick look here. No, it's not working yet. One, oh, two, seven, W, N, E, W, the Rock of New York Matchbox 20 and three a.m. It's Opie and Anthony on the way, Collective Soul and some Tom Petty by request. We'll take care of that. And just a bit. A lot of people are calling and begging us not to talk about taxes. I know. It's like, please, we're stressed out enough. People are going, come on, man. We listen to you guys for a little relief and a lot of us are dealing with our taxes just like you guys. We don't want to hear it. I feel your pain. Yeah, I don't blame you guys. All right. We'll try not to talk about how the government is raping us. Giving us the big one. The big sausage. But Gary, on the instant feedback here, he claims to be a former friend of Anthony. Yes, I know Gary. Do you recognize the last name and everything? Yeah, I haven't seen him in years. We used to work together at Deutsch Relays. What did you do there? Out on Long Island. Yeah. I started out in fabrication. I was making these little metal pieces. And then one day, all the bosses are gathered around and I figured out how to take all these little metal pieces and clamp them into one clamp and drill holes in them. And they were fascinated by this. So they made me an inspector. I had my little micrometer and calipers and I used to inspect the people's work. Don't gorillas do that in the zoo? When they're teaching a girl how to communicate and stuff? They were really fascinated? Oh yeah. They're looking and going, wow. Well, most of the people that were working in the production end of it were pretty much, I guess it's entry level position. They were just drilling one piece at a time. For years and years they would drill one piece at a time. And then I guess I must have been a rocket scientist to figure out if you put five in a clamp you can do five. That's cool. Yeah, so then I was in the inspection department with Gary and Larry, another pal. Gary writes, Anthony, you should tell a story about when you were at the train station waiting for someone and that crazy F'd up hick was screwing around with you and you reached under your seat and pulled the BB gun out and said, okay cowboy, back up. Very funny story. You'll have to spice it up a bit, Larry and Gary. I must have been intoxicated. You don't remember that? I don't remember doing that. Sounds a little dangerous, doesn't it? What if he had an actual firearm? Well, maybe if Gary's listening he could help you remember the story. I don't know. I remember, no, I don't remember that. I don't remember doing that. God, how trashed were you? That whole time of my life is a blur. That was like just prior to my homeless period, I hope, that you might remember me talking about on the air a month ago. So, no, I don't remember the BB gun incident. Okay. I do remember his father, I believe his father was some Japanese export guy. And in like 1981, Gary gives me these little headphones and goes, put this on and listen to this. Now prior to that you used to these big clunker headphones. You plug in your stereo and listen to your A-track. Right, right. But it was a Walkman, the first Walkman ever. So, this is like stereo sound. This is amazing. It feels like Gary had the first Walkman ever. Not bad. Yeah, it was pretty cool. Okay. Thank you Gary for that hallucination that I don't remember. And Jim from Jersey wants to hear the Hillary and Chelsea bit again. Man, we're really trying to figure out our faithful listeners. Because every day we get an email from people saying, you know, you guys play your bits too much in a week. And then we get a whole bunch of other people that only heard part of the bit or heard it from a friend that it was cool and they want to hear it or they just want to hear it again because it was funny. So, I never know what to do in this situation. I'm assuming there's a lot of people out there right now listening to us that have not heard the Hillary and Chelsea bit from Africa. Right. One just blow it out early real fast here. Yeah, we played it midway through the show, right? Yeah, we might as well. Rick, get the Hillary and Chelsea thing. We're going to play that one last time. Early, then we'll retire it. A guy who knows Anthony from the topless farm? Topless? Oh, geez. Are people going to come out of the woodwork now? Hi, Andy W. Hey, how you doing? All right, who's this? This is Kevin. What do you got on Anthony, man? I was wondering if you remember the tape-joiner out of the block from Deutsche Relay over there on Jericho. Let's see. The Ravens? Wait, I do know that the Tender Trap. Tender Trap. That's where I got my first booby dance from. I went in there when I was, I believe, just a tot. I was going to say, what year did you graduate? With a handful of quarters. Well, I had never graduated. When were you supposed to graduate high school? My tenure at John H. Glenn High School. Ended abruptly. Yes, ended abruptly. Actually, I was having such a good time, I stayed an extra year and I still didn't cut the mustard with them over there. What year was that? Oh, is that 81? 81, okay. So you were the same age. Well, the funny thing about that, what, your principal, Anthony, told you that you were wasting your time in school. Yeah, he came up to me and said, Anthony, why don't you just take the rest of the year off and come back next year. You're just wasting your time, you're not doing anything. And the first thing I'm just thinking, yeah, I'm out. The principal told me to leave for a year. I was happy. And then I came back the next year and made a real good effort the first week. I actually had books and carried them to class, had my pencils, and then a week went by and I was just like, where's the pot? This is a waste. I got to smoke another Doobie. There you go. The Tender Trap still happened. Yeah, I haven't been there in a while, but I went there with a pocket full of quarters, threw them down, and that was my first experience with a Titty Bar. They used to have the Rug Act. That's what she was doing. They just don't have the Rug Act anymore. She had her little quilt that must have been on her bed from ninth grade. And she lays it down on the stage and the girls have to go to the jukebox and play their own music. No DJ. So she clicks, you know, gets there, and then she's got to wait while the music starts. And I'm just, oh, this is beautiful. She saw her legs are up in the air, apart, together, roll over belly, smack her ass, and I'm milking that beer for an hour and a half. They used to use the hand lotion really well back in the day. Oh, yeah. Remember the old... They just squeeze it on their chest. Then there was the circus act girl that could put the matches on her nips and light them. And that cost you, what, five, ten bucks? It's like, wow, that was worth it. Thanks. I don't know. Back then it was just a buck, man. The girl came around. It wasn't like the lap dance thing. You could just sat there with the usual suspects, and she would come around and you'd give her a buck. And she'd dance a little in front of you and go to the next guy. You'd have to pick your seat. If you got one guy with a pile of dollars, you'd sit next to him and you'd just hone in on his dancing. Of course. And there was always the usual guys. There's the naive guy who thought he was going to get some from... Hey, she's smiling at me. He's just forking over the bugs. The old guy just sits in the corner. The guy in the suit, he came from work. Construction guy. You just sit there and watch the girl dance around. Now they pressure you too much. They're always in your face and you're trying to get fives and tens and stuff. Used to be easy. Making you drink. You want another $12 beer. Now I'm nursing this one pretty well. This is okay. I'm just wetting my lips with this. But for me, you remember We've Got Tonight. We've got tonight. Oh, she's beautiful. My first experience, we've talked about this on the air before, was just a nightmare. It was Danny's Den, which is now a parking lot for King Colin. Also on Jericho. I was 18. Went in there with the boys for my 18th birthday. And the music starts up. First of all, I sat on some guys lap. What? Well, not on purpose. Wait a minute. Let me explain. We went to a male strip club. Yeah, that's it. You know, when you're like, especially like the tender trap and Danny's Den, back then the real CD strip clubs were really dark. Yeah. So if you're going during the day like we did at this particular time, it's, you know, sunny blue sky and all of a sudden you walk into the place and it's like you're going into a bat cave and you're feeling around trying to get a seat and also I'm like, oh, sorry sir. And I found a seat that wasn't occupied. It was like I was giving the guy a lap dance or anything you ask. He slipped a buck in your undies. That's what happened. So then we sit down, we order our $10 beers. And the song starts and it's, there is a house in New Orleans. They call the rising sun. John Valby was singing it? Yeah, got that little John Valby working on my voice. But then I'm like, wow, this is really cool, you know. And I really start looking at the girl because from a distance she looked good. And then I'm like, I start screaming. I'm like, oh my God, cesarean scar just nasty. Oh, she had the C-section. It was just nasty across the belly and it was just like, ugh. It kind of ends the dancing career. This is what strip clubs were all about. I was kind of bummed. They were all like crack whores and stuff. I've seen some good ones though at the trap, at the den, out there on the island, Brass Monkey, remember that place? I've seen some good ones out there. A few are far between. But I think every guy, and probably some ladies out there as well, that just brings them right back to pretty much the first time they were in that strip club. It's true, man. All right. Well, now we wasted time. Now we can't play the Chelsea and Hillary thing. Well, this is cool. We'll do it this way. If you guys want to stick around and you didn't hear the Chelsea and Hillary thing, we'll definitely play that next. And if you've heard it a lot, you can flip around the dials and listen to some boring radio for a while. Listen to the talents that are on the air. All the talent is on the air out there. Ho ho! Hey, how about that? All right. Everyone wants to talk about strip clubs now too. Hi, NW. Hey, how's it going? Are Opinion Anthony there? Yeah, we're right here live. You're live on the air. Oh, hey, how's it going? Listen, I wanted to do a Tender Trap story for you. Okay. I'm from Northport. I live in Jersey now. But Tender Trap is the all-time best go-go bar in the entire known universe. The girls there are really... It's like the only place where the girls get up on stage there and dance right in your face. Yeah, I haven't been there in a long time. Neither have I. It's been a bunch of years for me too. You know, no matter how raunchy girls get at bars like that, they don't let you touch, right? Well, I'm going to put this real carefully so that you can put it on the air and everything. But the girl that came up on the bar, I gave her a nice five or whatever, and she... Well, let me back up a little bit. What she did first was she took everything off and she put this little scarf around her waist because it was supposed to be bottomless. Right, that clever ruse. That lasted for about a week in the bars before they caught on to that one. Right. So what happened was she was up on the bar and basically had nothing on. And I gave her a nice one or a five or whatever in her garter there that she had around her thigh. And she kind of like squatted down and did things on my hand. For five bucks? Yes. Isn't that great? It was unbelievable. You've got to love that. Why don't they allow that in bars? I mean, they wrecked everything. Who's that hurting if you want to pay five bucks and have a girl sit on your hand? Right. I mean, come on. And some politician at some point in New York decided that they're going to ban bottomless. Right. So what politician could ever bring it back now? You can't run with the, and I'll get bottomless back. You know, politicians have to understand once they make a move like that, it's irreversible. It'll never come back. And then now the bottomless places, if you go, they only serve Jews and that's no fun. No. They're afraid what? That sex and booze are going to get guys too rowdy and stuff, right? Oh, I thought that you said they only serve Jews. I said, oh, I see. But I just wanted to let you know, the fellow Long Island boy who's been displaced in New Jersey that... All right, so I got to ask you this real fast. What is the song you hear on the radio that reminds you of that first strip club experience? I think every guy has the song in their head. I don't know, it's got to be like, not when the girl was on the bar, but like you were talking about the rug thing before with the song like, who's got that love and feeling and... Oh, you lost that love and feeling. Oh, look at the way she's flittering her legs. Right, right, and spreading them and trying to make, you know, like show her wares, if you will. Her balloon knot. Right. So, you've lost that love and feeling for you. Yeah, that's a good one. Also, I mean, that's the one that they're always riding around on the floor and making it like they're doing it with whoever. Yeah, that's a good one for the floor. And then they've got to do like the pole one where they strut around like, I'm so excited and I just can't... and they're like, they're doing the fast like what they learned in ninth grade ballet or something. When they thought they were going to be pro dancers. Well, now in the strip clubs, it's all the 80s music. Oh, yeah. That's where the 80s music went. All the hair bands and stuff definitely came back. I haven't been to a strip club in a while. I'm married with children now. Al Bundy. You need it more than ever then. Tell me about it. All right. I want to let you guys know that you guys are great. I want to give you kudos. And I also want to let you know that like I'm a big Howard fan. You guys are like totally cool doing your own thing and everything and shouldn't be an opiate anti against Howard thing like that. No, we're not. We're all one big happy family. CBS family, welcome home. Yeah, we're really not trying to separate the audience. But if he's going to attack us, we're not scared to fight back. That's what that's about. I haven't heard him diss you and if he has, well, whatever. He has a bunch of times. We grew up listening to him. We told everyone that and that's all people need to know. We respect him. He's paved the way for a lot of guys, of course, but we're doing our own thing over here. That's right. You guys are cool. You guys are entertaining in the afternoon. And who needs all those songs that we've heard a hundred eighty five thousand times anyway. I've got a whole bunch of CDs. We got a couple of those coming up next. That's okay too. But hearing you guys rap is cool too. Hey man, thanks. All right. He's Northport. All right. Later. Bye. All right. Let's take a quick break here. The Rock of New York, 1027W&W, Collective Soul and Heavy Off Dosage. It's Opie and Anthony. Thanks for checking us out today. We got Emily on the line here who used to dance at strip clubs. Oh, where? Emily. Hi. Hi. We got you live in the air. Good. What's up? I'm listening to you guys thinking about the song because I'm thinking about the first time I ever danced which was about a year and a half ago. And I was at ACDC's Hell's Bells. I'll never forget it. So you came on the stage for the first time to Hell's Bells. Yeah. I had no idea I was going to do it. I go to strip clubs with my friends all the time because you know, I'm all guys flipped out, oh wow, a hot chick getting lap dances. So I liked the attention. So it was funny. That's always how it starts. They dared me and I said okay, but I can't dance to save my life. There's no dancing. It doesn't matter. Oh, there's no dancing. There's no dancing at all. Of course. Give me your wiggle there. Give me money. Yeah, it's not like a burlesque show. It's all about just checking out girls nude. I love the girls that really get into it and make believe they're really got some moves going on. No, it's not about that anymore. Just jiggle. It's not about dancing. It's not about anything. It's about you know, wow, you've got a nipple ring. What's your move? Do you have a special move or anything? Oh, goodness, I don't know. I move every single which way you can think of. Do you do the little ass smack where you put the ass in the guy's face and then you turn around, you look at him and then you smack your ass and strut away? That's got to be the top move in the strip clubs in the 90s. He likes to have red marks on my ass all night. Did you do a rug act? We never used rugs. They don't do it anymore. Yeah, that's right. She started a year and a half ago. You're still dancing? No, I haven't stopped. I live at home rent free and I had a light on my parents to where I was and it was just filling me. How old are you? Twenty-three. Twenty-three, nice bod and everything. Oh, yeah, I'm a hot chick. Well, you can always come in and strip for, you know, dance for us. How much are you going to give me? We'll play Hell's Bells and we can reenact the first time for you. Oh, I might cry. I'll have tears in my eyes. All right, well, thanks, Emily. Thanks a lot. Do you miss the strip clubs? I do. I need some money. Why did you have to stop? I mean, she felt guilty. She was lying to her parents. I was lying to my parents where I am four o'clock every morning, you know, and they're going, you're really going out with your friends. And I had to like have some excuses to where I was getting money so I had to get a real job. Hey, did any guys ever come in that you went to school with? Even funnier, I ended up getting a real job about a month later, two weeks into the job. My boss comes up to me and says, I know you, but you don't know where I know you from. Oh, no. Oh, wow. Oopsie. Was it a good temper? I don't even remember. Okay. Very nice. Thanks a lot. All right. Okay. Bye bye. A little insight from the other side of the stage. Oh, yeah. Yeah, Emily, checking in. All right. Let's get the Chelsea and Hillary thing on. Okay. What's the setup on this damn thing? Well, they were recently in Africa visiting as they have in the past. I don't know. I don't know what she's doing. I don't know what she's doing. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what she's doing. I like that one. So wrong. All right. We got Stevie Ray Vaughn up next. Oh, God. What? They just... What happened? Someone sent me a picture of that guy that jumped off the building. What at Harley-Davidson Cafe? Can we just go? Let's see. Is it really the picture? Jesus, man. Turn this around. Come on. Look. Oh, God. Rick's looking at the picture as he's looking at the picture. God. Rick's looking at the picture as he eats a Whopper. Dude, are you ready? Yeah. Oh, God. Come on. Is that real? Yes, it's real. It looks like it was described like someone dropped a pizza. Oh, my God. I got a puke. I swear to God. I just... Oh, my God. His whole like... Man, he must have hit flat. My mouth just started watering. Oh, man. That's bad. Oh, my God. Jesus. That is disgusting. Boy, people are just... Oh, God. It sure makes you think of how much liquid we have in us. Now, see, if we had our website up and about, we could punch it up and everyone would be able to check that out today. Are we going to have a website in time for tomorrow's festivities? Yes. I'm working on it. We've got a very busy show tomorrow. We've got a bunch of girls coming in to challenge Tara as the hottest girl to ever pose naked on the Opie and Anthony show. Steven Lynch is coming in. We'll probably get a couple pictures up of him playing his guitar. I'm eagerly awaiting the emailing of my server and password, Opie. All right. So then I will put pictures up. Too sweet. All right. So if you get it while we're on the air, maybe we could punch up the picture of the guy that killed himself a few weeks ago. Oh, man. That's just nasty. Isn't that disgusting? Look at Rick eating French fries and a burger. The Rock of New York 1027W&W, Kenny Wayne, Shepherd, Blue Eyed Black, Stevie Ray Vaughn. Before that, you're hanging out with the Rock of New York. Before that, you're hanging with Opie and Anthony. Don't forget five o'clock. We got a major concert announcement. And I hate when radio stations do that to us. I know. Honestly, if I knew, I would tell you right now. But this is all we got. I thought the info was on the page. So at five o'clock, we'll have Ben come in and he'll tell you the announcement. I'm here. It's pretty cool. OK. All right. All right. So you got that to look forward to. And we're talking about a lot of things today, but a bunch of people. People are really into the strip club talk. We're being a little nostalgic remembering remembering back your first time. Yeah. And especially the first song you ever heard in a strip club. Yeah. For me, it was House of the Rising Sun. Anthony, his biggest memory is you've got tonight by Bob Seeger. I'm talking the whole body. Oh, that's different. His jaw drops. His jaw drops. Oh, no, you guys are cruel. Corky gets a lap dance. Oh, boy, I got to get some of these boobies. I like this. That's enough, Bill. No, I need more. He ended up getting married. Oh, my goodness. Can you believe your phone is out? You still there? There it is. There you go. Modern technology. Technology where we're dropping bombs that are guided by satellites to a target that's an inch wide. You can't get a phone call to go through in Manhattan. There he goes. He's got that's great. All right. That's great. We could see a smiling Bosnia waving from behind a curtain as the rocket slams into his head. But we can't get a phone call on the West Side Highway. You can't get a phone that comes in clear here. Welcome to technology. Yeah. It's just like the Jetsons. This 21st century. I love it. I wonder how Corky Steinbrenner would act in a strip club. There's something happening with my condom. It's getting stale. Imagine George in a strip club though. This is the best booby dancer I've ever seen. And to be sitting here with a pair of cans like yours is just getting... Oh, too much fun today. Those are the best boobs in booby dancing. Hey, Jay. Yes. What do you got, Jay? Is this the fellas? Yeah. Oh, obviously he's in a monsoon. I want to talk about having sex with pregnant women. Okay. You know, I just had a baby. And you know, you get with a girl and you're together for a while and sex just becomes routine. Yeah. And when you're pregnant, you get to do all different kinds of positions and stuff. It's never the same. It changed my whole life. It sounds it. What does she do? Get a pierced belly button and you ride her like a hoppity hop? No, we didn't go that crazy. But I'm telling you, you know, instead of just a regular standard mount, you know what I mean? Standard mount? It's like turtles. You know, I'm flipping around in different positions and stuff like that. Then she has the baby. Yes. And you still get to do all that good stuff. Very nice. Going at it. It sounds like one of those red kick balls. Oh, man, it's great. It changed my whole relationship. Don't let anybody ever knock pregnant women because let me tell you something. It helps you out. There's a whole new life out there after pregnancy. Well, thanks a lot, Jay. Listen, I want to ask you a question. Two days ago was my birthday and I want to come over and party with you guys tomorrow and see, I want to see Tara in person. Well, Tara's not going to make it in tomorrow. So how about the other girls? What's up? Okay, so then the other chicks. I don't care. All right, hold on the line. We'll get you down here. Great. Thanks. Hold on. All right. Oh, that's right. Ben's got a concert announcement. Oh, yeah, Ben the Fag. Hey, Ben the Fag. What is it, Ben the Village People? Regrouping? If you're making the announcement, what? Right, said Fred? Wham? Yeah, do you have a mesh tank top at home? No. All right. Ben's too sexy for his shirt. Too sexy for his shirt. All right, Ben. Too sexy. What do you got? All right, this is pretty big. W&EW presents Tom Petty, April 11th, 12th and 15th at Irving Plaza. Tickets go on sale Saturday at 11 a.m. You got to go to Irving Plaza to pick up a voucher at the box office on a first come, first serve basis. Each person can purchase one voucher that will entitle them to admission for themselves and one guest to one show only. Tickets can also be purchased through Ticketmaster and in pairs only. No single tickets. Tickets are $50 each and also available at Ticketmaster phone charge at the following numbers, 212-307-7171, 201-507-8900, 516-888-9000, and 914-454-3388. The website and at our concert outline, 212-957-6034. Voucher gets two tickets. Voucher two and then $50 for one number, 836. Okay, I got it all down now. Information overload. Wow. It's a lot of stuff. It's like hieroglyphics in my head. Irving Plaza, you get the vouchers beginning of Saturday, 11 a.m. Okay, for Tom Petty. It's April 11th, 12th and 15th. NEW presents. We'll have all the information on the website and on our concert. Thank God we have been doing it with all the personality. NEW presents Tom Petty, April 11th, 12th and 15th. Don't forget the heavy breathing. I don't know what the heavy breathing was all about. Maybe he was imagining the transvestite touching his leg. I'll sell this Saturday. Vouchers will be available at the Irving Plaza Box Office, first come first served basis. Remember that old commercial with Brenda Vaccaro? Hi, I'm Brenda Vaccaro from Playtex Tampa. All right, we've got to take a break. I think Vince McMahon is waiting to talk. The Rock of New York 1027, WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. On the phone line is our pal Vince McMahon. Vince McMahon. From the WWF WrestleMania this Sunday. We've got to talk to Vince. This is cool. I want to talk to Vince. Mr. McMahon. Oh, I know that's right. There he is. There's that voice. It's Vinnie Mac. Vinnie Mac, as everyone calls him. I call it a lot worse too. You guys know that. How are you doing? Pretty good. How are you? Ready for WrestleMania? We can't wait for Sunday. I look forward to it. Oh, hell yeah. I must say that I've been a closet wrestling fan for many years. Closet? Well, no, I'm going to explain this though, but within the last year or two now I'm really proud to say that I'm a huge wrestling fan. That's great. And I don't mind that people know that. It's the best, Raw as War is the best show on TV right now. Thank you for the compliment. It really is. Thank you. I've been with you since Andre the Giant and Chief J Strongbow. Wow, you go back a ways. And Brutus San Martino. Sure. And Ernie Ladd with that thumb injury. Big cat, Ernie Ladd. That's right. The big cat. What was the deal with him? He had that thumb injury for like five years. He was chronic. It was a chronic thumb injury. Yeah, you know, it would get well and then you know he'd injured again. He'd need the metal brace on it so he could gouge people's eyes with it. Why don't they ever see that, Vince? Why don't they ever see it? You know, it's amazing. You know, and Dr. Fuji brought out the dust in the face, the salt. Why didn't the refs ever see that? I guess because they weren't supposed to. It was the only I could think of. No, but it's great. I was stunned like a year ago or so. You really started making a lot of appearances. Yeah. And now you're a fixture. You're like the guy. You come out, you've got your own music. No chance. No chance in hell. No chance in hell. And Vinnie walks down the ramp. You call that a walk or is that a strut? You got the attitude. I know that's right. We see that. And I was laughing my ass off last week when Stone Cold brought in the beer truck and started hosing me down. I mean, what the hell are you going to do next, man? Just stay tuned and find out. I mean, it's going to be wild and crazy, you know that. You kill me. You're taking a beating too these days. That is for sure. Talk about being stunned. Yeah. Unfortunately, I've had that occur quite often. Any injuries? Other than being partially paralyzed from the waist down, a broken rib and a broken wrist over the last six months, I've been fine. Really? Yeah, they say the wrestlers don't get hurt. I'm sorry. We get up just like a roadrunner kind of a thing. Wile E. Coyote doesn't quite make that turn and goes down the 2,000 foot ravine and then gets right back up. That's how tough WWE upstars are. Anthony and I are amazed at the power you got because you'll come out when Raw's War starts and you will just suggest a match and the wrestlers just have to do it. You know, it's amazing. It's nice to be able to throw your weight around a little bit. We're waiting for something like, Gain Mankind in a Castration Match! That's a hell of an idea. And then just, you know, I may do that one on Monday. The winner is the man who leaves the ring with his testicles. And we're convinced they'll do it. Alright Vince! Sure, why not? If the money's right, you know why not? Yeah, okay. So what can you tell us about WrestleMania? I can tell you it's going to be a huge creative success. And I can tell you that every WWE superstar is going to give it everything they possibly have and that the audience will have three hours, almost three hours of non-stop entertainment. Wow! Hey, what do you think of the signs? I mean the signs are huge now. I think that is just so cool because we encourage our audience, one of our secrets in terms of audience participation, we encourage our audience to exercise fully their freedoms of expression. And man, they do! Yes, they do. Because I've seen some that I think would be personally insulting to you, Mr. McMahon. You know, I've seen a couple of those but I think they're plants. Oh, you think so? Yeah, I mean I don't think people really dislike that character. I just think, you know, they're kind of playing along, you know. I mean I could take it personally, you know. Yeah, yeah. But I don't. So who are the big name celebrities showing up Sunday? The big name celebrities showing up Sunday would be Stone Cold Steve Austin, and The Rock, and the big show Paul White, and Mankind, and Undertaker, and Boss Man, the list goes on and on. In other words, the WWF superstars are the big celebrities. All right, right. I'm always wondering about The Undertaker. You know, he's very demonic. Yeah. This whole, I don't know, satanic thing going on. No, no, no, no, not satanic. What is it? I mean it's just from the dark side. Oh, from the dark side. Sort of like from the far side, although not quite as cartoony. But then he's able to, you know, host something on USA, like some night of TV. Like, if it was so dark, wouldn't the network not even want to work with him? I would think that's probably a good observation. I mean, you know, there he is. He's on the sci-fi channel. Yeah, I was amazed. The hell's with that? And then he's at your house with your family. I would think any boss would just, you know, there's got to be something in his contract that you could fire him for threatening your family's life. Yeah, there's sort of a moral clause or something. Something? You would think, Vince. But once he steps over that line, whatever that line is, you know, we have to determine that. Then there could be, hell to pay, could be some awful retribution. All right. And what was with the teddy bear? We're going to have to, like, wait for that to come out. Oh, is that because I was waiting? Because it is like a soap opera. You watch this and now you have to wait till the next week to see what, how it's going to play out. It's action, adventure, soap opera, cartoon, talk show, all rolled into one. Yeah, if anyone didn't see that episode, someone delivered a box to Vince McMahon. There was a teddy bear in it and Vince was on all fours crying. I was distraught. Vince, Emmy in your future, you think? I don't know about that. I doubt it very seriously. I know the people in the entertainment world can't figure us out, you know, and they're saying, wait a minute, what right do these people have by being the number one thing on television? I mean, they're not about to acknowledge it. I could tell you that. I mean, where do you draw your motivation from when you're on the floor weeping like that? I love the Vince is scared, S-less look, like you'll be talking all bad in the ring and then stone cold, I'm going to kick your ass. Right. And then stone cold will come out and you'll make that, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's stone cold. That whole look. Well, you know, it's sort of like having a range, I suppose. It is sort of like De Niro. It's sort of like feeling the moment, you know. I tell you, I love it. I love it. Now, Vince, on a serious side, you're getting a lot of heat about being politically incorrect and all that crap, doing a lot of articles on you. I'm enjoying it. It generally comes from a few people who don't get it. They don't understand that we're hello, we're entertainment. And when you compare everything that we do on television during primetime to anything else that's on cable during primetime, you know we're like Sunday school teachers. Right. Well, they're saying there's too much sex for the little kids and the toy references. Now, wait a minute. Can you repeat? Is there any such thing as too much sex? No. Let's get that straight. All right. Very good. So now, I mean, it's like again, there is it. I mean, you know, again, compared to anything else that's on television, you know, we're mild. Right. It's just we've never done, you know, what we're doing now in this genre. So we open the creative envelope. A lot of people don't like it, you know, and they can hit that all-powerful button, that little switch that switches you off from our station, off of USA onto something else. God bless them. They have that power. Hallelujah. Yeah. Believe me, we're in the same boat in a lot of ways. Yeah. Just don't get soft on us. Oh, no, no. You don't have to worry about that. Okay. Yeah. Hey, how about that China? Ooh. Man, does she have a schlong? No, I don't think so, but it's like a man in a machete. She's looking good these days, though. I don't know, but there's like a man thing. Yeah, she has a man thing. No, you got to get past that. You guys got to, you know, she's got a warm heart, you know what I mean? You got to get past that, you know, that initial visceral aspect. Yeah. You know, she's got a warm heart. You know what I mean? She must have. I saw like the jaw is a little more tucked in, a little more feminine. Yeah. Yeah, she's trying for it. I got to give her, she does have a nice butt. You see it there. The rest of her ain't too shabby either. I don't know, the balls. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, she's got a warm heart, you know what I mean? You got to get past that, you know, that initial visceral aspect, you know? She, I at one point thought maybe she was Slaughter's daughter with the jaw. With the jaw? Yeah. And then she comes back after this little vacation and she had some work done. She must have. I saw like the jaw is a little more tucked in, a little more feminine. Yeah. Yeah, she's trying for it. I got to give her, she does have a nice butt. You see it there. The rest of her ain't too shabby either. I don't know, the balls. Kind of manly. The balls in the front is a little weird. I don't like the balls. I love the balls. And then, you know, there's a sense of imagination, you know? Now, did she really get hurt the other day when Triple H threw that fireball? Well, Kane did. I mean, Kane did. Yep, she did. She did get hurt. And she is going to make a return, we think, at WrestleMania. It looked like something went wrong there. Yeah. You know, we take chances. You know, we'll do anything to entertain her. Yeah. And, you know, sometimes we get hurt. Because in slow motion, like, that's not fake. That fireball hit her right in the eye. Indeed. And, you know, she didn't lose her sight, so she's going to be okay. You know, but if we do take chances in the name of entertaining our audience, and you know, at the pros that we are and that we can't, there's nothing we won't do for our audience. Right. Hey, any other family members you're going to bring into the ring? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. stupid young man, stupid young man, you know what? Yes, I did it. Following. You know who? Mom. What do you know about it? Yes and the person. She is our favourite person. So you're going to love them when you kids how she's fund? Her name is Usually image. No comment. Oh. Please get her out of the way. Please get her out of the way. Don't push her. I'll try and stay at home in her house and I'll get our minister out of the way. It's a hardcore match, anything goes, right? Yep. Why do you need the ref? You really don't except the final count of one, two, three is the only reason you need a ref. Yeah, but he's looking in there making sure everything's legal. It's like, hey, ref, wait till they're ready to be counted. He's still got to make the ref move. Yeah, the ref has to be seen. What the hell? The other thing I want to mention really fast, the Jim Ross storyline, keep it going, man. That's hysterical stuff. Thank you. That is really funny. I don't know if they are or something else. But in real life he really had a problem on his face, right? Yeah, he's had a couple problems. It's a way to capitalize on it. Again, you always turn that negative into a positive. That's what we do. No matter what, something actually happens or something that we make up or whatever. There's all kinds of lessons to be learned here and all kinds of fun to be had. After all, that's what we're about is fun. Right. Cool. WrestleMania pay-per-view this Sunday. There you go. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Do you remember what disease that was? I don't know. It was something awful, too. Like gangrene of the testes or something. I'd rather have our thingies fall off and take your dirty blood money. That was depressing. Yeah. It was. We got over it though. Honestly, it was a charity, Cancer For Kids. Oh yeah? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It was a heavy charity. They said, no, it didn't want our money. They didn't want us to save a couple of kids' lives because it coming from us. That's pretty pathetic. Yeah, we finally signed on with Crack for Crack Whores. So we supplied $100,000 for Crack to Crack Whores. Oh, that's nice. Yeah, well, we try to give it back. We try to give it back. Give back a little to the community. You know, you've got to give back. If you've been blessed, you give it back to the community. What a show we're having today. We had Vince McMahon on a little while ago and now... Are you a wrestling fan? Yeah. Are you serious? Are you a wrestling fan? No, but I just watched that Bret the Hitman Heart special on A&E. Yeah, yeah. You see him in the pocket. And at the end he punches him out. Isn't that amazing? It was awesome. It was awesome. He's not going to be there tomorrow or anything, is he? No. Well, that was the next question we were going to ask him and then he abruptly cut us off. So that's all right, though. We still had fun with him. He's a funny guy. That is a heavy special on A&E where Bret looks like he's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. He's going to be a big hit. It was on A&E, right? Yeah, I watched it twice. It felt good. It really is a great, great special. It is. Gives you a little inside look of what's going on. That was no Vince getting a stunner from Stone Cold. That was a real pop in the eye. That was it. Because then they're talking to him later and he's got the black eye. So you're playing Caroline's what? Tonight, tomorrow, Saturday? That's the ticket. How are ticket sales, man? They're good. They're selling like hotcakes. They're good. They're selling like hotcakes. Very good. So you might not be able to get them. Call now. Reserve your seats now, man. And who do you want to thank for that? I want to thank you. Look at you. The two men, the most dearest and nearest to me. And you guys, too. I won't forget you guys. The only guys in America that will play the pre-song for you. That's right. You know, that song was banned from our show and we've got to work it on four times so far. For a banned song, we're playing it a lot. That's awesome. So we're going to be down there what? Friday? Tomorrow night. Yeah, I think we're doing tomorrow night with you. It's going to be a party, man. We'll drop by for some beers. Yeah, we've got the upstairs reserved for all three nights, too. You have that kind of poll now with the people of Caroline? You have to reserve the upstairs? Well, they don't know we have it reserved. We're sorry, Mr. De Niro. I'm calling it. Sorry, Mr. De Niro, Stephen Lynch has reserved the upstairs. You have to go downstairs. Madonna, no Madonna, please leave. Stephen Lynch has reserved the upstairs, Madonna. Well, she can stay. I got to tell you, I think Rick is getting Vince McMahon back on the phone Really? Yeah, I'm serious. Rick ran in and said one minute, like it might happen. So we'll conference you so you can listen in, alright? Well, I've got to go sound check. I'm much too busy to participate in our little radio show. Alright, I'm scared of Vince McMahon. I don't want him to send his goonies down here to beat my ass. Stephen Lynch, I'm going to pull your sack off. I might get the iron sheik as a junkyard dog. Oh wow, you are old school. You're old school wrestling. King Kong Bundy might be crushing my ass. King Kong Bundy, remember him? What about Haystacks Calhoun? I don't remember that guy. The Iron Sheik? I remember that. Lou Albano? Alright, well you're coming in tomorrow. You want to hear this or not? We've got Vince McMahon on the line again. Alright, I'll go tune it in. I'll come in at like 4.30 or 5 or something like that. And you're promising a couple brand new songs for the listeners. I've got a couple you guys have never heard before. And you've got to do the couple we heard last time you were at Carolines. Alright, if you guys are looking for something to do tonight, trust me, Stephen Lynch is a piss-er. He's playing Carolines tonight, tickets are going fast. And we'll see you tomorrow on here, alright? Alright brother, last thing to do. Vince? Our listeners think Aunt Nia are a bunch of pussies because we didn't ask you about Bret Hart. Man, you guys can ask me about anything. It does not matter. Of course I probably won't answer, but that's alright. Alright, now the A&E special on Bret Hart, which is pretty wild by the way. There's a scene where Bret Hart tells the camera guy to turn off the camera because he's going to punch in the head. That's what it looks like. And then you came out of the room, kind of staggering. And we wondered what happened in the room when the camera was off. Well, actually it was real easy what happened there. Bret didn't do things my way. And as any good director working with talent, when you sign on it's like you do what you're supposed to do. So Bret didn't want to do what I asked him to do. So I made him do it anyhow. So that was a real tough call on my part. So at the same time I felt like I had screwed Bret to that extent that it was a tough call on my part. And I had to do what was best for everyone in the WWF that was remaining behind him as he went down to Turner's Sinking Ship. So therefore I had to do something. And the right thing to do was force Bret to do the right thing. Wow. But then beyond that, being the bad guy that I am, it was like, you know what, I hung around the arena waiting. If Bret wanted a personal response from me, if Bret wanted in essence to punch me out, I was going to give him one shot. Because I felt like it was the thing to do. Sure enough, Bret calls for me. I go over there and I let Bret get one shot in. Wow. That's it. Now what happened, notwithstanding the one shot, what happens is goofy Briscoe, who is one of the stooges, in an effort to help me as Bret is coming at me, which I was ready for that. Go ahead, Bret, let me have your best shot. Briscoe steps on my ankle and breaks my ankle. What is wrong with that guy? So now here I am coming out, you know, and I was trying to move around a bit there so I didn't take that shot flexing on the chin, you know. So now it's like I get in the temple, which was bad enough, and Briscoe steps right on my ankle and crushes my ankle. So now I'm walking out of the locker room, I'm saying to myself, Benj, you're an idiot for doing that. Because now it looked like you were staggering from the punch. Yeah, no, he throws a pretty good punch, by the way, but I was really, my ankle was broken. And I didn't know it for about five days. I just kept walking on it, figuring I'd get better. Now they interviewed you after that, and you had a nice shiner, though. Yeah. My goodness, that's amazing. So have you spoken to the guy since? No. Well, now he swears that you changed your mind and that he could keep his title or something when he was wrestling in Canada and you want to take it away from him or something like that. Well, see, the idea is I would do anything for our fans, anything. And what Bret wanted to do was not conducive for our fans enjoying the performance. So in essence, we did it my way anyhow, even though he didn't know we were going to do it my way. And I had balls enough to walk out there in front of him, in front of 15,000 people, standing there right there in front of Bret, and when it was done, I'm looking right at him. Of course, he throws a luger at me, which I might add is a hell of a shiner.