 the the latest from sammy hagar must be killer office new cd red voodoo what is read through to come out next week i think i think that twenty third right this coming tuesday rob train sounded good on the air by the way brother may and i think they were fine well we're going to be getting organized here we almost didn't make it into the studio big f you a big early f you to the cop on fifty seventh and seventh what's going on in his job now that we're going to support is in the police department you guys doesn't mean that occasionally a cop can be an asshole everyone to be in a whole we're we were drinking with half the cops of uh... new york city yesterday at our at our uh... party and i heard of our bad for the good for this cop today what we all we made the mistake of asking to go through his little roadblock to like twenty feet past where he had a fifty seventh blocked off is by the entrance or parking garage yeah and uh... he had the roadblock up because something going on in times where got a two miles down the road something's up so they got a block traffic up up here assigns falling in times square who am i going to blow fifty blocks who better block off the whole city so he's got his his silly little uh... scooter that will three wheel scooter thing maybe that's why he's uh... defensive to try to run a man could be hungover to yeah he was probably uh... the uh... digester yeah and then uh... you know you have to start a parking right over here no you're not thank you for parking over here we work right here will pull into the parking garage not driving down to times where that very happy for you get that out of here thinking of screw you know every curse left my mouth so now you know it's not like it and he's he left in that although the other people take a left and then a couple rights and uh... through eight billion other cars trying to get the roads just you know it we were basically at the garage we needed a park at it took another half hour to park at after that when we got uh... stop on the air and say uh... i'm not just the beginning of it were pissed and then we uh... then we park another garage and i like the keys to the car to deal with it now away from later now thank god i had the uh... window open a crack so we're able to uh... get the code hangar in there the demand which is a pain in the ass dot so we have will block all that stuff that go back to being on stage yesterday having fun at the bar back as i a a a a g let me let me look at the pictures of that and see how that's right i don't have them but they are not a source of japan's source of the committee to a story well the deal is if you go to the w a w website this is some cute pictures from our live broadcast yesterday from the bar back yet but no one wants to see and and my mom's now cares what we look like a bit the our listeners want to see the t a that was happening yes a lot of it was happening yesterday of the four sisters get up on stage flash we had jennifer and her beautiful thirty six double d's taking her top off we had that uh... cute little blonde girl to a lot of the other side of the show i mean it great pictures there's some of the ladies to write i'm cares yet again i got i shown is one not one not that was so we come in today i expect to get a disk that i will pop into the computer and uh... and upload the pictures to our personal website and where the pictures of the uh... i don't know colombo has in now who knows uh... he gave them to roger roger always seems to get the pictures of all these girls that that are at appearances ours is that where are they want to have them what is roger have them and not only that well where are they now i find that they're in his computer is got a mail into me because he doesn't have the days and then with the many appears to be a little bit of a little bit of a professional photographer taking those pictures that we find out he got those mail to him he sent them back i never even saw the damn things why is he getting our pictures and sending them back without us even seeing them if that's a tie restore is listening to send them again send them to all of the end and then we never got to see the picture not promotions not did the programming not roger send them to all p and anthony at any w so i think all those pictures of spiking tara and the other to go in and it all the ones of them to make it out at the end of the night despite with her girlfriend and where did they go to do it in seattle now i see a big accent roger i've read that we've been a sent these back there that we don't need to have a and then they could they got sent back uh... i'm pissed i wanted to see those well that's for the valentine's day show now we come into a where those pictures what you have okay i was supposed to be happy roger roger was scared that he's going to like destroy the desk is a side that that's the and we're playing by the rules because any w uh... told us that they just don't want nudity on their website that's fine we went through lawyers and all sorts of trouble to make sure that uh... we work something out and and and the deal is if you go to the semi semi i live studio cam in our section of the any w website you read the disclaimer you click on a link and that that takes us to one of our underground websites and there's all the nudity for everyone right so were because we want to see all those pictures instead on the any w website let's say others acute picture of anthony and i in front of a any w banner who cares that's lovely and then there's a picture of george killian you get to see what he looks like like killing and that's not to have been sent them as a picture of uh... just a crowd another picture of a bunch of drunk guys uh... a picture of the interviewing killing and who can i have one on anthony target two hot chicks that just happen to be new but obviously uh... they're fully clothed on the any w site which is all fine well to give us the good pictures we will do with them what we uh... want to do and here's the guy showing a couple girls uh... has one night and that's all we got in a couple of stupid scar pictures there's like ten pictures of me i don't want to see my face we say i don't know let's say well i don't care the data if this is in the ct they should have been a disk one my mailbox well now we got when i came in well now we have uh... twelve pictures of that really hot blonde from the end of the show yesterday and doing a lap dance but no close off sheet wowed while that's pretty risk a uh... picture of her in a bra is that okay for uh... the website and anthony uh... real closer her part but see how they can see how they crop this picture there was more but they're to be seen if you look at the second last picture from the saint patty's day uh... pictures yeah you could tell that they crop that so they show too much but of the blown there's all these pictures that i want to get up on the website that i don't have but we'll get a minute i don't have them will get him and these are all cute little you know pg pictures but honestly our listens don't really care they want to see the real stuff up to the good stuff will figure it out he says the email to you right yeah yeah okay email in a great so i would assume a little later on the show will have a while will have a mop but just remember for now on any w website you know it's got to be like pg pictures we understand that we sat down we worked out this whole mess with uh... management you know we understand their feelings about it but they'd they did come uh... to a compromise in their allowing us to put all the nudity on our underground website yeah which just happens to be linked to the any w website so you go into the air staff click on our pictures and then uh... look for the live semi live studio camp don't be there later on this one picture up already one of jennifer and her thirty six double days more to come before the uh... the show is over today all right you can get comment yes i'm i'm fine now and i'm wonderful on the way we got kate wayne shepard bad company one here from you guys today uh... fax lines two one two nine five seven w any w all right what are you doing march twenty eight uh... what are you doing march twenty eight ten days from today anthony me uh... probably still waiting for the pictures to be given to me well if you don't have any plans listen up and find out how you can win two free tickets to the rolling stones at the heart for you uh... civic center on sunday march twenty eight now this concert uh... now this concert is already sold out now this concert now this concert is already sold out now this concert is already sold out now this concert is already sold out but you can win two free tickets how by entering the army point concert raffle at any army point center in new york new jersey and connecticut course you know on the point they've got the at uh... digital wireless phone service with the crystal clear reception just visit any on the point center anytime before this sunday night march for uh... first the drawing will be held sunday night to find the center nearest you call one eight seven seven on the one two three that's one eight seven seven on the one two three one winner per store location two tickets per winner no purchase required let army point to be a chance to see the rolling stones army point a hundred percent digital zero percent hassle one of these seven w any w the rock in new york anyway shepherd everything is broken off his cd trouble is and that company to so be and uh... very pissed off and uh... black on fine him i'm fine okay well we're we'll just sit and wait well now rod is getting mad at us because we're bitching but our listeners are pitching at us he's logging off the network he's got to come in and log on on my computer uh... this should have been a number one priority today everything else could wait after the live broadcast we had a little bar that yesterday there were probably thousands of people they couldn't make it right i want to see what they missed with these pictures holding we're into is giving our listeners the pictures of the events that we do uh... because you can make it there it's it's cool listen to a bit kind of sucks that you can see what people look like and you know what the girls are doing and what's going on so we take a lot of pictures and we like to come on right away that's why we do it ourselves we we run our webs at the little web page because you know that that is cheesy it does not all the bells and whistles not the any w website our own personal page we don't need a bit of a bell we don't it's just there to pop pictures on that they don't allow on the n.e.w. site right so i like getting those pictures immediately because when when you you deal with some websites it takes you three months before you get the pictures you know i go great and happen last year right we like to have been next day so those pictures should be in my mailbox and people wonder why we want to do absolutely everything by ourselves around here because we used to just take the pictures ourselves and anthony has a digital camera we should take the picture right around about me through the show taking a picture to take the pictures put them on the site hours later but for some reason we decided to let others help us around here so someone else that i had the job of taking the pictures yesterday now it's a whole cluster f now roger had a lot of off of his computer come back in and log on on this computer how long does it take to log off the computer he's not coming out and the damn thing off common pop your name and password and so i could put the pictures on my computer and i will have them and then the people will see that i'm astounded we should have been going on the air three fifteen and telling everyone good news guys the pictures are up and running here's how you find a move well uh... rock roger here he comes roger what what took you so long come on man pop the name in the time when you look at your password i would be person on the air you just heard the other thing on the air that's an fcv violation he's mad at us before that in him our listeners are mad at us but he's human that's why i work here is i can make believe we're not paying attention what okay let's all wait for the boot up that's a call others not now you guys the touchpad john yeah i don't know what you got i was wondering if uh... roger working for our board com over and like uh... entering what that and i thought that the gag order on you guys now known will put a gag on our stress-free i'd rather get fired and having a gag order i was a city show yesterday figure you know what i'll get home tonight little work of the computer online and i'll be all the pictures next that thing to be there right well we have one really good picture in the uh... semi live studio cam and the reason we have that this is anthony did grab one of the deaths uh... the only one that was uh... near us because all the other days when the pictures were taken were rushed back to the station uh... that happened more than one camera there with someone else in hand that you know that they don't think that uh... i could find things going on here you know i think we're just going to give the job to one of our listeners where you just come to every one of our events with a digital camera you take the pictures in the hand is the desk that'd be the best thing exactly telepathy guys keep up the good work man thank you john i think that i write this is cute what now he's got no clue now i think that he's cursing don't know your answer on the air where's your little uh... icon for you he's logged on reading the appearance of these pictures high-end of the uh... open-air day and so i thought this might go ahead and i got going to like that and it's got to get around to all my bugs about it the guy that about it thanks to great stuff that we got to some pranks many other talk about pranks on the biggest price to go in when you want to do i work in a florida commodity exchange i get guys every day i think that they'll do white out i put uh... let's see what the new one today today was we wanted lunch for everybody we wanted to spread it because of what the mark gonna be went so we do cheeseburgers and all him community but we know me stuff like that not what that's all about and i didn't high-end of the and uh... uh... i mean uh... project you put your password in rogers uh... bring his password in the end right before i we got to go to uh... great job thanks what now all my god i started writing now is passing now we had a late dump out of our show rogers curse four times has been in here he's losing it what can we like it could have to go down to your office will get at the on the phone and will try to free this whole mess out okay blog back on on your computer not on this one and i like that i guess i'll i'll deal with that uh... okay blog back on pop up a little envelope with the the pictures and see everyone is pissed at us but see that there would have been a problem if we've got to this as we left the bar back yesterday anthony would have been able to go home and had the pictures on the website by midnight i don't care who else had these pictures but i should have had them like it should have been made that had him and then whoever else wants it yet around the studio not not roger and and and and i don't have them to put them on the website the picture should have been on the website for fifteen hours by now it's now three forty and we still don't have the really good pictures from our broadcasts is amazing watching like a retard with the touchpad trying to work it out i would have got by i i i think this thing i got there with the professional camera gear yeah from the easy mug shots company yet dealt out of the top of our report we are on our you know i do a thing with the growth mark now we have a schedule that uh... tuesday will talk to everyone about that uh... i would you could come by with the the the professional pictures you took yesterday i'm still gonna come back yet all right because i thought i wrapped his i have a feeling you might have the only good pictures at this point because i i'm starting to think the disk is uh... not going to show up well in light of what i'm looking for you guys now for the paper at the moment today uh... i thought i was getting people out of that the uh... camera from girl yeah and put in the pocket of roger and i'm like wait a minute although it's going to fly because i know how promotions things work i mean i think you know the server for a while cdl we got a little today to win when he was done with the job this from the digital camera he should have handed it to anthony right i agree but it seemed like everything was hush hush i mean what if you guys got the props and everything why they hiding suppressing public stuff they are you going to a promotion i'll go through you guys i'll meet you guys tomorrow yeah and risk of a leave put me on the other that's not the main thing i just want to make sure you put the photos going and no we've never met before but a lot of people involved in and you got a lot and i mean i've heard from the other i did no one wants to hear this stuff will will see you tomorrow okay okay and we'll talk more off their article i'd like that well we're going to take a quick break and anthony you're going to rogers office and figured out how are you bosses got to be one of this radio today so as soon as we get the pictures on the website that will do a real show today person i know what kristin is cursing in here unbelievable i request was on the pictures and he left and i just walked out there going down to write your studio to uh... see what they can do be live from uh... rogers office next and he's gonna you get the pictures of the tomorrow you can always think about it the rack of new york one of these seven w any doubted you everlast what it's like it's okay to do it by myself on the phone we got producer a correct so you're down the hall yeah i'm i i i made it into a rogers office he didn't want to hear of course okay but uh... or in here and and now sitting in front of the computer trying to figure out what's going on so we can try to find the pictures yeah if you're just turning in we're trying to get the uh... the are an x-rated pictures from our broadcast yesterday from the bar back on our underground website and some big cluster after now anthony's uh... on rogers computer for some reason roger has our pictures a lot of what is it over here that they use bank each what do you what are you doing but at the end i hear we go hello hi hello hi hi how are you okay great but i think they are what they call a cluster at and i think that so what's the deal uh... i'm trying to get these pictures over to my computer but i don't think that blank error error all of that going into his uh... will network thing this is how it works state i'd just put the folder into your little network icons now he's pointing at his penis now when we log on at my computer roger you can go into that new will be there then we can open them and they say and so what are the odds of getting the pics in uh... also into non i don't think that we can even answer any phones today because uh... our listeners are just abusing us you know like who wants to see your ugly mug so i agree and of course no we want to say okay thank you pictures are under his icon now okay okay they now we will i will see you back in the studio okay if roger log off of this then we will not back on in the studio okay now this is good right this notice straight on the air does this is great radio uh... cnc of alright and give me more this until we get the picture of pictures up on our underground website because the pictures that are on the w any w website no one wants to see is that night in front of a any w banner and you get a picture of george killian uh... couple shots of the crowd really trot and a bunch of the girls that end up getting naked later on fully clothed here comes a back down the whole thing and area it comes at the beginning was this was valuable airtime trying to figure this out today this should be anything to have iraq and back in the city on the road you don't curse you know they'll be no cursing okay alright let's try this uh... uh... and let me now rogers logging on okay logging onto my computer alright with his a name and password yes that's okay if it you know takes time now not not that long uh... opening opening opening where are you right there and there they are you've got the pictures if i can drag them onto my little desktop yes they are copying to my computer there you go now really this this is great so now it's gonna take another half hour to get them up on the underground websites yeah but eventually if you want to see the pictures from our live broadcast from the bar that yesterday they will be in the section semi live studio cam in the open anthony section you'll get confused is when you go on the w a w website you can see the pg pictures uh... proudly displayed right on the main page there yeah there's gonna be an icon i mean boring now we want the good stuff to meet yeah so as you look at those pictures and and you fall asleep and go to the opening anthony section and look for the semi live studio cam there's one picture of their ready and eventually will have about twenty or thirty if they're okay all right i have them all all right it's and to get to work alright uh... let's log off of uh... rogers in ken back on the mine and we're in business there you go thank you roger thank you roger any curses you want to throw out on the air anything you want to throw more so our way and then thank you okay very good you did a great job yesterday by the way okay the staff really did a great job yesterday and we could have done it without them one of his seven w a w the rod in new york eric claptain dave matthews band before that crush matthews coming down giant stadium may twenty fifth takes on sale saturday at ten a m and don't forget any w has your chances that uh... tickets all weekend long here to see david matthews starting tomorrow morning and all weekend long it's opiate anthony k k anthony you've had twenty minutes you found uh... the pictures that we took from our love our bad appearance yesterday do you have a report for us in their awful uh... just awful well what's the case of the uh... there are no pictures of that little blonde monkey uh... she was flashing everything she was naked from twenty everything guys you've been over in front of firemen who's snapping pictures with their instamatic cameras we have every picture of her with clothes on well jared from long island says it all on the instant feedback i just got a shot of the pg pictures which are on the w any w website and there is a very good shot of her but very good shot of the and yet uh... please tell me the blonde with the short hair gets totally new how long to the good pictures are up sh you know i'm i'm looking at those got every guy is going to want to see this girl on the site uh... with with nothing on she was dancing around flippin her shirt off her pants down everyone's i've seen more snapshots than the paparazzi at the oscars going off we don't have any of those we don't have any pictures of her naked the money the pictures that are on the any w website in the g-rate pg ones are the ones with her the most nude out of all the pictures uh... i i am disgusted i am in a state of disgust well grab the mic uh... against well what happened you know what happened well two things happen number one you are always always taking the pictures last night two things happen yes and no one did one is that there's no negative pictures okay what's the other one the digital camera doesn't work as quickly as a regular camera there's sort of a which is never there's a like a ten twenty second reset right so you should really make sure the girls naked before you snap right yes but how come their pictures of her dressed i was just me like every time she's there's pictures of her standing there dressed so you snap those and then while the camera is waiting to uh... read the whatever it's got to do she's taking a close on and then it when she put them back on the snap again i don't understand figure on the button just to a snap in a way the second thing that happened the guys from the young crisp i department they kept smacking in the back of the head for some reason and i had a bite i kept turning around who is hitting in the head and then the monitor fell on me because it there was a such a rush to the stage this girl so hard it because it's so hot and as you can bounce quarters off of them she was dancing around she's pulling her pants at one point she bent over polar pants down where herb as was facing the crowd and flat it was a like lady died in out of the car and and and that one is an onion well i got i gotta say up i'm i'm a little disappointed i'm a little disappointed i know you're not a photographer i know the digital camera has its drawbacks but one picture of her in distress one picture of that the cute little blonde with nothing on i'm just gonna cry i just crying right now i have the mental images in my head that if the guys at the listening saw these that we'd be there new here on my all my god well we got to play you live to share it up and she's she's holding her her breast and and her pants and you know the switch to a regular camera and then i have a heart attack but well we got two things happening here first of all we got that girls phone number anthony will get it down here and we'll take the pictures will have to do the job ourselves guy though i'd like to tell you to go to the n.e.w. website check this little little girl out and you'll you'll you'll freak out just think there would be she was uh... no is also going to take on tears the highest growth ever pure naked on the opiate and show so she will be coming into the studio well unless you gave us a fake numbers of that she's listening up please give us a call i i i don't i don't know if i can continue and we do have one more shot at the end they can pictures of her though well professional photographer we were talking about that uh... to a half hour goes coming in tomorrow with the pictures he took oh yes with the regular camera so if he's he's got uh... good pictures and we'll just get him right okay well so you gotta keep your fingers crossed it can still happen anthony at all for for next time when she's naked snap a picture snap in a way no no no no no no no no no not snap away the snapping away is is with her clothes on that's what we wound up getting i'm saying when which is a kid dennis now clothes on no pics clothes off clothes on no pics rule the thumb i think we'll all be happier i can sell utterly disappointed that we don't have naked pictures of this girl i just not that like the rule me for a loop when she was taken a close on we were so excited coming in today go i was going to guys are gonna freak out i'm so i'm pumped up for for the guys listening i'm like this is great and but we don't have pictures you have any other naked pictures of the slobs or anything i did the slotted i didn't want to insult the audience that way by by putting the slobs up could be a big fat stretch mark booby slobs that we have pictures totally naked pictures of the these big girls with guts on them you gotta you gotta post them as a deal you gotta post them up as a good explain what they are what we got coming up i got twenty pictures of the same girls falling over first before we even have the the uh... i will i'll put a mom i got a preface it by saying that this isn't uh... you know the hot stuff this isn't ready as a goofy got a bit of a fellow i'll put a couple of those are just to show everyone how sad we really got perfect that i wasn't there that's when i want to take the disrespect here all all maybe been to the on was well from queens okay boys are beginning to think that all this talk of quality photos is just a ploy to generate w a w web traffic i can give a good crap about web traffic on the site on my god is losing faith in us and and uh... as well as he should i agree i i i don't know what to say but this is no ploy to get people to check out the pg pictures there's a couple good ones of the blind that are bad when anthony's uh... about to kiss her ass is pretty cool but trust me with middle care about web traffic i hate to say but yeah when when we used to take the pictures ourselves up i could pop up pictures on the website of things we had done before where i was taking the pictures new all my god i never missed a shot well adam writes from jersey never put black girl in charge of pictures again get someone who can do the job and stop rubbing our faces and about how she was hot i'm sorry i i'm sorry i think this was what this is why i'm so pissed that is because i knew our listeners would love looking at this girl now here's a guy that says that they're always full of s because uh... we just need a better digital camera i'd i'd i'm dumbfounded i'd flagged against it at this point uh... but every guy is sending a feedback right now and they're just all like we're this one looks like an acid flashback but it would be a fat slob all my god maker all look at the fat slob limits are also going to make a look at that picture of a look at that all my goodness will and bill from the city to go boring pictures i know you have heard enough the picture of jim looks good though i know i noticed that she smokes marlboro here's one picture of jim in a huge boobs but our eyes are closed we don't get to see a good picture of her face i had her i'll put up this one doesn't seem that bad which one uh... this particular to spend this around for you how well that works and yet but that's a little better so out of the fifty pictures are taking we got to quality shots are blanket apology to uh... all listeners out there man i i i am just as disappointed as you are people we let uh... everyone down there you go everyone is just pitching as and i think it's getting ugly on the uh... feedback what what what what can't what we say i agree with you you can say whatever you want to see her absolutely right so right but uh... hopefully the professional photographer that uh... we talked earlier hopefully he'll have some i saw him snap and hopefully uh... he got the job done so here's the uh... the blonde girl with her redheaded girlfriend here's the shot that was taken uh... just before she took her clothes off and started grinding on her girlfriend when we got the shot just before it that's good right yeah don't get a good setup shot at the nail we have all the good setup shots but but but but but but but patrick from uh... where where's your from jersey my god you guys got it have but you gotta get her on the show naked i think should be terror as hot as growth ever take her uh... close off on the open anthony show jerry i don't think that totally different body type and stuff you know she's smaller but man talk about tight and well-rounded by any doubt the m yeah i did my from have a play might if we're looking at what they've got a black girl from a little uh... camera pre-semitic in their and your snap you'll asian premature happily back to it it was shooting to uh... early you're right issue to say that that that that that's good and here's another picture that the next morning i know probably the next one was just great look at this one up on the air there is that would have been great silken little panties yeah and she's got a pants kinda down and the next shot was uh... her girlfriend pulling her panties down right but uh... we'd with uh... we don't have that uh... we have this one we don't have that one we got this one to look at saying this is a good picture we have this one we just don't have the other one week week we don't have to get one uh... you should put them up there is a taste of the guys i'll put them up just to show what what does it mean you know something else we're going to get abused by the guys are going to check in who haven't heard us do this break and say what the f guys i'd want on your website the pictures are well and now you gotta put up the pictures of the lame pictures of people could uh... you know sharing our our sadness anthony will just put a huge disclaimer of saying this is what happened and then we'll we'll say but we have one more shot at uh... good pictures with the professional photographer who's coming into our show all right rick you you gotta get on it get that girl on the phone yeah we got a little bit of a new for a of private photo shoot this is in the area will take some pictures today yes you can make it down to the shore this is top priority will try to get her on the phone all right all right trustee break we got some uh... repairs what we got i am just so disillusioned and disappointed i it's very hard to do a show today now well i was so psyched it's a big letdown when you thought you're going to get a cold birthday present and they turned out to stink but i was going to get the uh... good hot wheels set uh... yeah real dot com the best place to buy movies anthony yeah but what's up uh... what's what's up uh... i i just keep punching up like the slobs and and it's just so disturbing to me where's this guy that the mob now so what the listeners can abuse us and i understand i'd stack it to anthony uh... one stacker to yeah i i'm going to need some i need some i gotta pick myself out of this i'm i'm kind of in a depression uh... i'm down i don't have a lot of energy right now most accurate to give you that energy boosted you've been taking this i had to come today because i was feeling a little tired from uh... notice i have an excuse every day why i'm taking a second to at this point first of all i remember the first time you took it you're a little uh... leery uh... that you know i don't know and now i find him taking it every day well lately that you always have an excuse as it was a long day i i want to be up for the show so i i i can the stacker to once again today within an hour i felt uh... a boost of energy today before it's like i was playing tomb raider late and you will stacker to boost my energy the next day and that's how and uh... that an addict uh... began to have you know it's always a little excuse why you gotta dip into the stuff your heart now staggered to school said that has given me an energy boost they also say it burns fat i wouldn't know that but uh... that's what they're claiming uh... the company's located in jersey city get this stuff in two days the phone numbers one eight hundred light line that's one eight hundred l i t e line and if you're not happy with the results of that your money uh... that money back guarantee can lose so check it out for yourself guys and girls the right to do you like what i think that in w any w do good i'll do the from dizzy up the girl it's open and they think they're checking us out today we definitely appreciate it i guess we can finally start a radio show yeah the tirade is over yeah we're trying to move on uh... will get into it again a little later about our saint patty day uh... pictures from the bar back but we must say hide everyone we met yesterday thank you have it out in supporting us we all had a lot of fun great time that uh... one of the uh... firemen and police officers around new york city came in lot of uh... fund runs yet at the bar we met well they were prides and uh... it was funny because when we're set up the little bar that uh... live broadcast everyone was running around a double you panicking going what do you guys have planned for this you know usually you've got a plan yeah but it anthony and i knew that i was pretty much just blown off work yesterday and getting drunk and saint patty's day you know what you can do so we could have planned an incredible live broadcast and no one would care because they were just hammered so we just decided to go with the flow of it uh... thank god worked out in our favor we have fun with it because usually it takes a couple hours before the people are a little buzz and getting into the show we got there at two forty five the people were just like ready to rock yeah will be doing a lot more of these uh... with the uh... nicer weather coming there's an outdoor stuff to i'm trying to think where we got a hit next we've done jersey we've done manhattan twice now we've done uh... long island we thank you well uh... nice whether we got to get to the a jersey shore well that'll happen the summer that yeah i'm thinking westchester yeah maybe go a little north of your shore we can do that maybe or maybe back to the island maybe statin island i don't know keep it to him will figure it out they'll have a plan but honestly i think yesterday's live broadcast for the people that were there was probably better than the uh... the valentine's day bash we threw i could see that you know all right pictures uh... will get into a little later at the end as people are begging us to try to do it so today i know uh... we've we hear you guys how we are faring in our fine city with uh... things falling down again uh... falling from the sky again in times square a big sign the mayor wants to clean up times square but it but he's not really worried how they are now up all these young new signs and stuff along if it looks good but you know i guess because of that the high winds uh... sign got loose and it was teetering i don't know if it fell by now but pieces of it have fallen and hit people it was blown around hitting things and knocking things off of uh... what was hitting yes and falling down on some people so they have to close uh... uh... hundred billion block radius i don't understand when something happens in times square cuz it this is happened a lot now uh... that they have to close like ten blocks away yeah there's no reason you have to close up to fifty seven street it's ridiculous what's gonna what's gonna blow over here we break and then and i when we're driving today we're talking about the city and how it's a fine environment that tweeters on disaster all single-day please you know you can travel around other cities in america if if there is a uh... stalled out car on your on your road on the way home or or if there's like something happened like there is a time square today pretty much uh... you know uh... work continues to get done and people can move around the stuff and they're not really hassled right but new york in the surrounding area it takes one thing to happen and and everything's a mess yeah everything is a mess did notice uh... like l a with the uh... when they have the riots it didn't screw the whole city up and was confined to a certain area to imagine a riot in manhattan like you just don't have the entire place down there my god i'm in jail he's gonna find a cause yeah he's gonna find a good cause finding your son right hi this is martin sheen actors against charlie sheen we have to get rid of this menace please do something uh... i'm not i'm martin sheen i'm charlie sheen's father i can't believe i'm still charlie sheen's father they've been they missed a shame arson protesting against shoes yes this is martin sheen i'm heading up celebrities against shoes millions of innocent bugs are killed yearly by shoes people walking stepping on bugs with shoes i will be uh... handcuffing myself to a buster brown jack and is another one you're right that was the arrest that was the arrest because the mayor you know i guess there's there's there's no mr kotsch you have to have to promote another one of his wacky tv shows this way to do it and that's probably is look they've handcuffed me with you to be handcuffed boy these are tough and they're they're quite tasty as they put me in the uh... the wagon uh... i thought but seriously if the mayor's listening the ex-mayor enough with the stupid pussy high-profile arrest if you really believe in this cause show up at the loaded uh... semi-automatic and really get arrested start pimpin start to get there the mayor and they would have a whole yeah it's a long and i think it is that that that that that uh... what a joke though all societies and chill out of course it is all right what do you want to play uh... the right in new york one of his seven w any double your cheap trick and surrender and hold for that celebrity skin from celebrity skin so being anthony and then i guess we got a lady rick is saying on the line that uh... is mad what did we do at the way we use the uh... the keyword anthony the keyword now we had a meeting with uh... scott the big boss man right right and he said we're allowed to use the word pussy if we're calling someone like europe plus yeah yeah because it's used as a term of uh... you know so lack of strength you know lack of will okay uh... you know that guy is up for a c right you know as the cat term you know right little and i believe we're allowed to use it we had we got into a little trouble with the word few months back but if we are we're talking about a lady's private area and we use our way and use it and that's what i had a problem with the right right so we were using the term uh... when he could but it was pertaining to mayor cots in all these uh... high-profile celebrities that that do these policy arrests where they do you know they have a cause so they'd be they do something really mediocre and and cute to get arrested and their handcuffed with the plastic handcuffs right and then they're pretty much let out the back door and they get a little misdemeanor charge and the is usually dropped uh... in court later on yeah and it's like it's no big deal and then the press goes nuts while mayor cots got arrested with sharp and to suppose that's what is gonna happen in the near future yeah and i just run the and said that uh... if the mayor really believes in this cause go all out and really get arrested shop with the semi uh... automatic or something in loaded and really had a really get arrested from you know get thrown in the joint in rikers or something and hang with the boys for a couple days and i would believe in the cause exactly now one of these policy arrests as we call them that's uh... i think that's acceptable use of the word and so will uh... line three high-end of the year hello i was up and offended by the use of the word you just used describing the arrest that social liberties go through well-worn offended by the word pussy why why for one thing if you get to know kids are out of school so i'll be talking like that they can handle pussy pussy pussy well well i don't know why i'm not talking about the private area i'm calling someone a pussy at the matter that it is used every day in our in our society when people use the f word they're not talking about the acting up the f word nobody similar to it so it's not it's not what you were i think i've been trying to keep it which you know but a little for they are and was the i hate when people say that for you got us go switch over there that there's some exciting radio for you know yeah you there's things going on over there for a while yeah i can only sit through uh... that garbage come on artifact i think it's time for the five o'clock bodies everyone i think we're going to be playing a lily tommy record today i love that wondering you do you think that that's great i take some talent playing that comedy cd's all have fun over there go who cares they go goodbye driven update on the pictures are you want to talk about the next and i'm i'm still uh... uh... choppin' them you know and uh... put them up on the website okay i got to put some commentary because i don't want people to go to the site see a picture of clothes girls and go hey what happened well will explain what happened next year because we have a whole new audience checking checking uh... us out hey roger just hand you a beer is that like it is that like a truth truth thank you roger happened to get a little and i have worked out a way that we can get the pictures in the station yes i thought he came in and showed me uh... i like this bank seri good we've got an alternative figured out it won't happen in the future and although i do take no blame this is a blameless environment okay thank you and thank you for the uh... for the beer here and also there with uh... no i'm driving today meaning that i mean that's it uh... the ship the radio shipping as his captain uh... we have a pair of tickets for friday's the semi-finals man ncd la uh... well i don't know that everybody wants to talk about the people were mariela tracy uh... i was up hey with my data on the day of callback he didn't like what you're hearing turn off the radio yeah that's a novel idea isn't it you know if somebody uh... doesn't like what they're hearing on an appliance which radio is turn it off exactly it's amazing all these people just they just can't get it if you don't like it turn it off listen to that other what's radio station that they were talking about the double five o'clock funny and i think that it can add competition really scares us there's some real edgy uh... wild stuff going on over there in the afternoon families plenty of a guy but we want to hear every day at work thank you driving around you know the only guy doing you got a great people flat and all three days thank you appreciate it is a right back to the market back to people's lives being run by an appliance open planet if you didn't like the way your blender sounded would you just leave it on the night wrote out the damn window you know leave it on call up the blender company of i can't hear anything about it allowed me to know they'd say by first thing turn it off if you don't like it and you're really not going to get to us if you say i'm switching to such-and-such station because we used were pretty much competing against jukeboxes in the afternoon yeah we know it that's why we're not doing more is another ten in a row right that's what we're competing against so while you heard our feelings and you know that this certain jukebox radio station please hi jen how are you hi what's going on all right what's going on uh... you know that the action problem was probably been waiting about twenty years it well i don't know how we could go out of the already down there that's why she doesn't want to hear that word rickety rickety it is picture yet things going on uh... i had said and i think that there are some of the love you know uh... i think that i think that jennifer yet hello i want to just go ahead and say that how are you know you i just want to start off by saying i think he is doing religiously for the two months now we are religion yes religiously on the way home from work with the mccarnel call and i want to say that i am so glad to let you use more words now it's ridiculous that they're going to be centered and really is well i feel like a couple of course i don't know there you go and we're not simple we're within our boundaries to use that word how we use it exactly everything you do it's not on the need to use their word and i don't know how you guys do it by your time not say the word really want to i'll let me off the air every people are amazed that they're like how come how do you get on the uh... air and and speak without uh... cursing because every other word out of my mouth when i'm off the air is the effort i'm embarrassed sometimes but i have you credit you have to sit here and you get yourself in the mindset of your meeting uh... your first girlfriend's father you know that and you gotta put yourself in that whole mindset well what's in a little uh... little show secret though and when you hear like uh... you know some fading and also the mice come on and and you hear is just laughing you're just going to be right on your sitting on one of the laughing so hard all because a string of curses would just release like two seconds before the michael and i think sometimes they do that just to get at the beginning of this i'll just ring like uh... what ten twelve hours and the other and go and pop the mics on a world to seven hundred and a half in new york you know i think i think that's a lot of the feel like that woman's upset that well the word pussy was used uh... in in the proper context uh... on the air now now me was he is is the excuse that the kids are listening uh... that i have to write a book with a good idea my god i was i was i heard a lot worse when i was in kindergarten exactly over her house is probably always like that and her kid don't they come on yeah well said all well thanks jennifer thank you you know for a few people forget what school was like it was a lot worse than the word was seen being thrown around believe me yeah in school the children are home from school thank god they won't hear as many curses right well uh... we found a classic that when we first got here of of the uh... but there is another lady that called us i don't know like the first couple weeks were we were here in w because we use the post but you know the word that we were used up on the separate and this lady had a real problem with us using it and and this lady just went nuts check this out that's how big it is shut up we'll get to you next it's not wimpy it's big man and it's big it's coming down the street right now and it's gonna kick your ass she's insane yeah i wonder if she's still listening to us that was from like the first week we were here very early try priceline dot com on the internet or call toll free one eight hundred priceline we love saturn who would stacker to anthony stacker to uh... loads of energy you take one of forty five minutes an hour later you're flying uh... yeah you get a good boost lots of energy new focus taking this stuff uh... every day now uh... yeah i am i saw you uh... walking out of your house with your t v and your vcr sup on it to buy more stacker to that's how much of the love stacker to uh... it gives them all kinds of energy he's running away from police after committing crimes to get money for stacker to let me tell you something about second to if i knew about this stuff when i was in high school i'd make lots of lunch money uh... well i'm sure we and uh... the people of status who aren't uh... saying to do that out well it's legal of course it's legal it's it's all natural that's right and i think we've used energy boost i must say it definitely boost my energy they also say it burns fat i wouldn't know that my senior fade away like crazy but the company is saying that so i can see if you get the stuff in two days they're located in new jersey and if you're not uh... satisfied uh... by the results uh... they'll give you your money back in today let me tell you something that the girls that are all snap pictures of it the same pay it at his day thing we were yesterday uh... the girls he actually got pictures of that we're naked they could use the fat burning qualities of stars and i don't know okay the girls that uh... he failed to get naked pictures of very skinny very lovely girls are probably could use the energy part of of stacker to but wouldn't need the effect burning okay yes stacker to everyone any doubly what he got there's a copy of the yeah what's up still who that will be yes all the without take notes their content in the ball real ball if you drive around the city completely correct just a completely correct is a driver of the city to the couple of over the now that's a real arrest rare and taking a and i had a lot of red ball you know it got white cluster mass i will be saying that they had a good good great idea thanks jesus christ you just right there for somebody just hit me on the head with a ball being hammered today just wrecked anthony's creative uh... energy that was happening there and that's all right you want to try tonight and try to get comedy i would talk about the pictures next yeah i'm i'm put me uh... the the blonde girl in various states of dress she was flash and all i know if you are listening earlier is definitely stick around we gotta explain what happened to our pictures from yesterday's uh... broadcast iraq and new york one oh two seven w any w that's uh... new band called buck sherry the song is lit up it's soviet anthony hey what's up they don't write uh... my county is a feedback from elm are no more long island we're talking about uh... the pussy arrest you know like these high-profile celebrities that uh... insist on getting arrested for their cause hi this is martin sheen for the uh... sat sap in trees why are we draining these trees of their life blood sample it's like come on martin and then he gets arrested remember that he took a hatchet to a missile silo back in the old days and he had a cause that's what he had a real good cause i'm handcuffing myself need martin sheena to a missile silo and then the then the seventies past and no news they got rid of the you know dangerous nuclear power plants for the most part and he's like and can't believe it and martin sheen and struggling for the cause of the info full bug and in south america uh... when he's uh... slurries get arrested at the joke yeah they handcuff them for maybe two minutes and they they walked out the back door the press goes nuts and then the charges later dropped usually you know just to get their name in print that therefore this cause and we suggest that the mayor was going to rest of a sharp and that he uh... goes out the style and really get arrested really get arrested firearms firearms are selling crack on the streets right imping holes and drive around drunk until they rest you get a real rest going on and he's as we call it was here as i hear it was a driving and my head car and uh... idea was a drunk and uh... that's pretty good but a moron because it's a com can you try it i think he's just uh... probably has a new judge show out or something in the strata promoting is a publicity and again back to mike's uh... instant feedback here i think you guys are a hundred percent correct about these pussy arrest these out-of-control public relation hounds are subjecting themselves to i'm a cop in brooklyn and i think these guys should spend some time in the correctional facility if they really want to get arrested i wonder what they would think of a guy named bob and made them his bitch for the night was this was always bob again lucky in prison they are not as bad as well i think i might like that can you picture sharp done on all fours i wonder how they would feel like after person shot at them just because they were a cop is why do i have to be the bitch it's not a pleasant feeling i know that first hand i wonder how they would feel if a guy struggles with you because he doesn't want to go back to the joint then he makes the accusation that you beat him because he was a different color granted there are a few bad apples on the n y p d but out of thirty eight thousand i would say that there are about thirty seven thousand nine hundred good cops doing the job they were trained to do great show guys keep it up mike there you go thanks mike that's the truth to have all right you know what they do they always arrest sharpen and let him out like you said the back door put him in the joint let's hear him all my god i was sold bob had a new bomb why do i have to be the bitch that's a real arrest and can't even if a while so he gets season in the now learns the role you're not my big hand on jim that's right and i think we got an exclusive for our show today what do we got there i did hear about the pope what's wrong with the pope the pope is debuting uh... a cd and video well what like a workout paper something marketing is gotten way out of hand with the pope starts putting out cd's he's not looking too good these days and now you know when he was uh... what do you elected pope appointed or yeah he was the young uh... young part of the young pop and was called as it was like wow there's a young pope in their room and i was talking about how he was a kid used to do things you know he wasn't like an upstanding kid it is the normal kid yeah and it was the first time you heard of a pope talking like a real human being right he was racing around the world he was getting shot now he's just all the frail old poor pope it's really hold that big had up now in the pope mobile and he's got a like hold on for dear life the slightest bump in his jumping around in a like popcorn do you think that's why he slouches for because that they had his definitely in managing trying to hold that big had up balance is like a balance it like a seal without bob bowling pin trying to balance it and you know the head goes back and forth and on that as it is like trying to balance a big had a little bit of form well uh... here's the deal this is how the the article reason opposed to uh... with fanfare worthy of a spice uh... of a spice girls album oh yeah the vatican yesterday unveiled pope john paul's first cd and music video aiming to reach a greater audience the cd produced uh... by vatican radio combines combines the seventy eight-year-old uh... ponte spoken words enchanted prayers and today while expecting this to uh... uh... sell and s load is he going to tour the album i don't know if you know the interesting is going on to work are and holding and f and no ne of he got shot explodes ago nap uh... people of I believe we got the first track from the Pope's CD here. Oh cool. I was wondering if we were going to get to hear some of this. What would you like me to debut it here on our show? Yeah. The Pope's CD? Yeah, the Pope's CD. I'm amazed you got it this fast. That everyone is talking about so. Let's cue it up. Pope like and kiss makeup. I say, are we doing tonight New York City? Yeah, panties being thrown up on his hat like hanging bra hanging. I love you. We're going to rock New York City. All right, shut up. I want to check out the Pope's song here. Opens his robe. He's got like the hairy chest. We're going to rock you. Big huge Pope shoes. Yeah. Platform shoes. Yeah. Him too, all above the crowd as he jams on his guitar. You got to be kidding me. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. He's got 11. The Pope. Let me hear some. All right, here's a song for the Pope. I guess that's the chant thing we heard about. Right? Yeah. Let's listen for the Pope here. He sits alone, waiting for suggestions. He's so nervous, avoiding all the questions. His lips are dry, her heart is gently pounding. Don't you just know exactly what they're thinking? If you want my body and you think I'm sexy, come on children, let me know. If you really need me, just reach out and touch me. Come on honey, tell me so. Does Rod Stewart get royalties for this? Is this the Pope trying to relate to the younger people? I believe this is the cover song on his CD. Yeah? He does a cover tune, that's great. I've got to catch the tour. Lollapop Loser, I think he's going to be going around. Shut up, I'm enjoying the song. And before we go much further, give me a dinosaur I can call my mother. Sing it Pope. If you want my body and you think I'm sexy, come on children, let me know. That's the one where everybody lights the lighters and sways back and forth to the Pope ballad. Well I believe he has a rock anthem on his CD as well. Does he? Do you want to hear just a little bit of it? Yeah, let me hear. But if you're a boy and wake up in your strong being in the street, don't know me to be man some day. You've got a nut on your face and you're thinking strange. Kick in your chair and hold over the blame. Yeah, rock and Pope. I don't think this is the Pope. Well it came from the Vatican, Anthony. I see the return address, Vatican, yes. It just says Vatican, yes. Well good luck to the Pope. I hope I catch him when he tours. I want the t-shirt and hat. Like a baseball cap but it's real big. Like the big Pope hat with the Pope logo and a little visor on the front. I'm there. We're out of our minds today. Hi, N.E.W. How are you doing? All right. I was wondering if the next time you guys go out to a bar, are you going to try to get the Pope on the bay? Not a bad idea, right? I don't think so. He plays pretty good music. There he is. There you go. All right, bro. I got another thing. Can I give it to you early up here? Oh yeah, we're kind of angry today. We're not as well. How bitter we are today. Yeah, I got a nephew for the cops that shot 41 times. I got respect for cops but not those. Okay. I don't know if we got it. That was just out of hand. I'm still waiting for all the info but all right. I wasn't there. It's a free country and that's what you think. All right, man. All right, thanks a lot, guys. Bye. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW, cracker and low. Free before that all right now. It's Opie and Anthony and Black Earl in the studio. Hey, man. We got tickets to give away to the East Semifinals, NCAA tournament. Yep, the men's Eastern Conference Semifinals. Wow, that's a hot ticket. It's a very hot ticket. How are we going to give them away? Do 118 trivia. Want to do that? Want to do some Opie and Anthony trivia? But you really get it. Only the diehards that really want to go. Don't win just to win. Yeah, because there are people that would kill for these tickets. The only drawback is you would have to be at the station by five p.m. tomorrow to pick up the tickets, pick up the tickets between 95 tomorrow. All right, we need a good Opie and Anthony trivia question. Hmm. We got to go back. Delve way back. I might have an idea, but think of something just in case. Okay. Well, sorry, I'm just I'm just I'm just going to go back to the studio. Okay. What? Well, sorry, I'm kind of putting pictures up on the website. All right, I'll make it easy for people. You continue working it. We'll talk to you next. All right. Well, they're up. They're up. Yeah, people can start looking. Okay. We'll let them digest that while we give away the tickets here. Um, real simple and easy. young artist come in during the summertime and he debuted a bunch of songs on our show. We think he's going to be the next big thing. Um, how old was he? Does anyone remember? He's 10 years old. No, I don't know. He was 10 or 11 years old. Yeah. All right. We'll play some of his work here. Oh, I thought you were talking about Stephen Lynch. Oh, no. We're going to play one of his masterpieces. All you need to know, tell us is the name of this artist. Who is this artist? Who is this artist? Okay. We'll take guesses at two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. Here's the song. Who is this? I got a song for you. Anyone out there want to pull my finger? I like to fart. I'm a master of this art. I pass a lot of air through my derriere. No one can surpass my skill of passing gas. My technique of ripping farts is highly state of art. That's great. Here comes the finale. Shh. That's great. And all those farts were real. Yeah. He recorded the farts and then did the song. Who was that for the NCAA Eastern semifinal ticket? Let's go to the phones here. Hi, NAW. Open air. Yeah. Who's this? This is Brian. All right, Brian, where are you calling from? I'm calling from Maybach. All right. And you got an answer for us? I got a good one. Good one. Yes. Good one. First guy gets it. Bravo. That's real good because we haven't played that in about seven months or so. It's been a while. I've been at it almost. Come on, dude. You're a curse. I was overwhelmed, man. I'm sorry. All right. Listen. Get crazy. I asked if you could use the tickets and you said yes, I certainly can. Yes, I would enjoy them greatly. It looks like you would really enjoy it. Okay, cool. Hold on the line. And go Johnny's Go, I guess. All right, man. Hopefully they'll be playing Friday. All right. Thank you. You guys are the best. Thank you. Hold on. Yeah, line five. One of the ticks. Mr. Dirty Mouth. I hope I got that in time. My reflexes are a little slow today. Yeah, a little off. All right. Now the pictures are up, Anthony? Yes. Yes. Now if I hit reload, they'll be there, right? Well, I would hope so. Let me run through it too to make sure. I was looking at them so they shouldn't be there. No, I don't got them. What do you mean you don't got them? I don't have them. You go to NW, right? Yeah. And you click on Air Staff. All right. Then you go to Opie and Anthony, click on our little pictures. Right. Then you go to Semi-Live Studio Cam. You read through the 800 page disclaimer. Mm-hmm. Then you click on Semi-Live Studio Cam. Okay. And a new little browser appears. And then you'll see a link that says, here are the some crappy pics from the same-pads broadcast. Oh, here are the some. Yeah. I was going to put, here are the crappy pics. I know. Or here are some of the crappy pics. All right. You know what I mean. Okay. Then you click on that. All right. And there they are. Now this is the deal. This is supposed to be the R-rated, X-rated pictures from the La Barbat broadcast from yesterday. Right. Let me read the captions so you can play along in your car here. Okay. Here's the deal. Black Earl is no photographer. We know that. But for God's sake, anyone would know you don't snap the pics of the hot girl with her clothes on and not snap when her clothes are off. These pictures suck. We know that. We'll try again with this girl real soon. This girl is really hot, this blonde that was on the show late. She's got this little Gwen Stefani thing going on. Yes. Doesn't she? She's coming into a take on Tara, it looks like, as the hottest girl to ever appear naked on the Opie and Anthony show. All right. So you go down and the first picture, here she is, the little blonde. Cute, huh? She's kind of smiling, sitting at our little broadcast table. Okay. So that's a good start. You're like, okay, this is going to get really good. Opie and Anthony would never deny us flesh. And if you've noticed the way we put pictures on the website, we usually start with the fully clothed. It's a very nice shot of the girl. You kind of build up the suspense. Right, Opie? Sure. Okay. Okay. Now the second picture, our intern Kevin, who does a great job for us, is sitting there with his hands behind his back and she is grinding and giving him a lap dance. Lap dance. And you see her shapely butt in this shot. It's just beautiful. Another great tease shot. Lap dance for Kevin. Wouldn't you love to see that ass with nothing covering it? So would we. some nude pics, right? So now you're like, okay, cool. Yeah, I'm going to get some. The guys won't let me down. Third picture is the blonde looking at the crowd, lifting up her t-shirt. You see the start of her bra, very, very bottom of her bra. When the caption says, ooh, here we go, here it comes, taking it off, yeah. Next picture. Yeah, this is, I mean, this in the right, if he was positioned right, this could have been a beautiful shot. Yeah. No, no. Uh, the picture is basically her flashing us because we were to her right. The crowd can't see it. You at home can't see it. There's a mic stand in the way of her beautiful ass. You couldn't possibly screw this shot up more. Right. There is everything in the way. It's blurry and it's one of the best shots that it could have been the best shot of her butt. You think black girl was using one hand when he was taking these pictures? Is that why they're, they're shaky? Maybe he had the. Well, what was he doing with the other hand? Oh, boy, I don't know. All right. And then the caption goes, that's it. Damn it. Come on, Earl snap when she has her clothes off. Great ass. You would see it if the damn mic stand wasn't in front of it. That's the truth. Then here's another blurry picture of the real hot girl. Yeah. She's got her shirt pulled up over her boobs. Her bra is still on, but it's blurry. Now a nice belly ring. Her pants are undone. You see her panties a little bit. No start. The caption reads, no, really great shot. Earl, what is this in a artsy farty soft focus shot? Clear and naked is all we wanted. And then it just continues from there. Can you believe we didn't get one naked shot of this cutie when she's naked? Damn. Yeah, because she was naked for like 10 or 15 minutes. Snap when she's naked. All right. So then, then you move on and you get her lesbian friend is there and their shirts are half off her pants are down with the panties showing. Yeah. And then you're thinking, okay, the next one's got to be the money shot, right? Yeah. And just goes, that's it. And the pictures. That's it. And the picture. One naked shot. The last shot is her with her pants down about the bottom of her butt. Yeah. She's got her underwear on. Her girlfriend has got her hand kind of on her butt. And that's it. And then we go on to just slob central. Well then the next picture. Now this is the big disappointment because there's the whole buildup and now you think, wow, the pictures are just going to be great. So the next picture, instead of being the two lesbian chicks like making out and being naked, no, you get an ugly picture of me on Mike. And then in this, then this drunk slob on the floor. She's just a mess. She fell down. This is in mid fall. She fell down. Mid fall. Ben the Fag's got the mic. Her hat's falling off and the caption reads, think she had enough to drink. Oh brother. And then the next picture is three of the four sisters getting naked all at the same time. He couldn't even get all four girls in. That was the key to that bit, the four sisters getting naked. We got three out of the four. Earl misses the shots of the little blonde, but he catches this. You got to be s'ing me. And then the bottom pic, which I mean, I should have put a disclaimer before you get to this one. Yeah, let's face it. I, it's nuts. Sasquatch. Wait a minute. I didn't even take that shot. Whatever Earl. I don't even have yourself at this point. Yeah, I put, I don't even have to say anything about this. What the hell was he thinking? Now remember he didn't get one naked picture of the hot blonde, but he gets this mess. I didn't take the shot. All right. That one I didn't take. I don't know. It doesn't matter at that point. Let us down. At this point, even if you didn't take the shot, you delegated responsibility to somebody else who missed the shot. All we needed in our listeners was one picture of the blonde naked. That's all I would have been happy with one picture. Lousy shot. You know, all night I'm at home going, yeah, when I get into work tomorrow, I'm going to see that. You're going to see those pictures. And then what happens? Nothing. I get clothed blonde girl. I wonder if Earl's related to that photographer from the early seventies that then missed a Sasquatch shot. The big foot shot where it's all shaky. Into a mean. I was like every guy that takes a picture of a UFO. Can't you just get the right shot and it's in focus, it's still, and you look and you go, there it is. It's a flying saucer. Opportunity of a lifetime. Earl missed the shot. It could be a naked girl, but then it might be a bridge abutment. So, I mean, this is in the semi-live studio cam section of the Open Anthony site. Yeah. These pictures are not that much, they're worse than the PG pictures that the NAW website has. PG pictures on the NAW website, the one with the girl straddling Kevin with her pants just about at the line where you might start seeing her most intimate of areas. That's a hot pic. But that's as far as it goes. I want to see the pictures those firemen took. Because they were snapping when she was given full moons. Then she would pull the front of her pants down. Well, we have one more shot at this because we have a professional photographer there with his pictures. So, we're praying that he's got some shots of the blonde. There's a couple good shots of the blonde on the NAW website, I must say. The picture of you where you're like an inch away from her butt. The thumbnail, you've got to click on the thumbnail because you get a much better shot of that. Yeah, she definitely has a nice butt, this girl. My goodness. And she'll be in soon to take on Tara is what we're starting here. All right, there you go. All right. Thanks. We really captured our live broadcast. I'm just going to have to bring the camera next time. Yeah, we'll do it ourselves. Look at Earl, he's all sad. Earl, I mean, what are we supposed to do? I mean, we get the pictures back and this is what we got. I'm taking pictures, handing out stuff, I get beat by firemen, I get hit over the head with a monitor. And the most important thing was a naked shot. Right. Thank you, Earl. The naked shot. Earl, we still love you, you know that. But we're disappointed today, that's all. Oh my goodness, look at that ass. All right. I'm dying. There you go. We've got to get her in here. We will. We promise you. No, no, I mean we got to. We will, Anthony. I'm a stalker now for this one. of New York, wallflowers and the Allman Brothers too, one way out. It's Opie and Anthony. Hello. Well, the listeners are handing it to us, Anthony. They're disappointed. They feel like they've been let down by us. I see in the instant feedback coming in, people are a little disappointed, Opie. They want Earl's ass. Take a number of yells from the back. Well, yeah, a lot of people, wow. Black Earl effing sucks as a porno photographer, that is. John from Jersey, hey guys, my six-year-old son takes better pictures. A lot of people disappointed that there were no nude pictures taken of the cute little blonde girl that was down at our appearance yesterday. Black Earl's a chubby chaser, obviously. Is that true, Earl? Because he got the great pictures of the fat chicks naked. Yeah. Hey, you guys should change Earl's name from black Earl to gay Earl. Where's the one where Earl, as punishment, should go to the shed with one of the beasts? Where was that? That was really funny. But the last wildebeest, the picture of the wildebeest. What, Earl should go to the shed with her? Yeah. Oh, Corky Steinbrenner could have taken better pics. Keep the camera away from him next time. Now, I think, Earl, I think you need to be punished. And we're not allowed to whip you anymore. No, I'll take a whipping. Huh? I'll take a whipping. You'll take a whipping? I don't know if we're... I will. I think the listeners need to hear that you're going to be punished for taking these horrible shots. The last time we had you whipped, the special interest groups came out of the woodwork to defend you. I'll take it. How about we give you... I am going on record. I will be willing to take a beating. Wow. He's so distraught. I must say, Earl's been working with us for a long time. This is the first screw-up he's ever had. Yeah. And I've screwed up hundreds of times. Anthony's screwed up a few times. Well, he's blaming it on the camera, which I can see the digital camera doesn't have a quick recovery time after taking a shot. Right? Right? If I had like a regular, like the quickie boom, boom, boom... I could have gotten hundreds of close pictures, yeah. You give me a regular camera, I'll rock. Now, you think we could whip you without chaining you down? Maybe the special interest groups would allow that? Because people get whipped every day. It has nothing to do with the race or anything. I don't know about that. What? I don't think that'd be very nice. Well, we'll invite Spike down. How about we give you a couple options? I thought this was a punishment. Spike whipping, Earl, he might like that. Well, let's think again. I have zero threshold for pain, but I'll take one for the... Oh, I can't be partying to this. Why? Come on. I don't think anyone should get a whooping for anything they do around here. Amen. Oh, I remember when I was young, okay? My parents used to beat the ass out of me. I used to get the strap. Yeah, you're just not allowed to beat your kids anymore. No, no. But when I did something wrong, my dad, and this is a true story, would go, all right, son, go out in the yard and get a stick. I'm going to spank you. We had to get our own... The hell is that? We had to get our own stick to get spanked. Now, go cut me a switch. Right. You cut me a switch. So being the wacky guy I've always been, I'd come back in the house with a tiny little twig. And then my parents would laugh and I saw them laughing and then they just couldn't spank me after that. I defused the situation. I defused the situation with a tiny little twig. I used to get the strap. If I was laying in bed and you're talking too much, you're supposed to say, I've got that strap. And my father would hang it on the doorknob as a warning. If you don't shut up and then, boom, he'd hang it there and you'd just kind of watch it. I'd say, oh, good, that's the strap. Don't want to get that. Did you ever get the wooden spoon? That was later on. That was like after Dad left and Mom had to take over with the discipline. And it was a joke. You're reaching age, you know, you start getting like you're 13, 14, you do something Mom tries to beat you. Just laughing like, come on, Mom, cut it out. What are you doing?