 The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW, two for Tuesday with you too, even better than the real thing and with or without you. It's Opie and Anthony and no we did not get fired. No we're back, we're back. We're back. I'm reading these emails and people concerned, Opie, that for our hijinks on Friday that we may have been terminated here to NEW but no. No. We are indeed here. We just took the day yesterday. Yeah, that's what we're telling people. Thanks for Tony Pegg for sitting in on our show on Monday. And thanks for management understanding our concerns. Okay. Well, at least if you missed Friday's show you could pop up the pictures on the website and oh that's right, they're not there anymore. Hmm, that's interesting. I wonder if the two events are related. Hmm, let's see. People are making, they're starting their own conspiracy theories. The website was gone and we were gone from the radio yesterday. That's interesting. Let's pop up, because a little page comes up when you go to our website to see the pictures of maybe a black girl being whipped by the dominatrix or you want to see the Mentos video which was just so popular, people love that. Or the pictures of Tara again if you would miss them. The blonde chick. Well, let's look. Hmm. Oh, the website you're seeking cannot be found. There are multiple reasons. Well, let's run through these and see if maybe one fits. Okay. You may have mistyped the URL. They are complicated sometimes. You can mistype them, but I was using a favorite link. So it wasn't that I typed the name in. And you just click on the icon so I don't think people... Yeah. Yeah. The site could be under construction. Please try back later. No. No, I don't think that fits. Considering if you saw the website before we got kicked off there was not much construction ever going on. Right. The site account may have been moved or no longer exists. No, it's still there. Trust me. I know where I put the stuff. Hmm. The site may have been removed due to violating our accepted uses and policy standards. Well, now that might be it. Let's click on that link and see what their policy is. Okay. All right. Unlawful activity such as unauthorized distribution or copying of copyrighted photos. No. No. We took those. Copyrighted software. No. No. Export restrictions. No. Fraud. No. Solicitation of gambling or prostitution. Not really. Not that I know of. Okay. Practices which may be considered obscene and or illegal material. Whoops. Hey! There it is. Winner! Winner! I know it was in there. The people at WebJump have deemed our material obscene, Opi. The fine people of WebJump. Something the Supreme Court of our United States of America cannot even define obscenity, but they have seen it as obscene. They have decided our stuff is obscene, Anthony. So now we're looking for another provider at this point in time. Why can't I find a land for my material to rest in peace? My God! We traveled journey together on this Internet just looking for a homeland that will accept us. Let my pornography stay! Damn you, WebJump! So here we are. Our journey continues for a homeland. Why damn you? Why can't I put my smut on a website? I hate you! I'm a clipper for that horse. I'm a sucker for that horse. I hate you! I hate you! I hate you for that horse having sex with a girl too. They won't let that on there either. Damn them all to hell! We will journey through the desert trying to find a website that will accept us for what we are. Perfect! Damn you! Well, there we go. That's six or seven sites we've been kicked off on. I believe that would be six. And our own, on any W site won't even let us on there. No, they won't even acknowledge us at this point. The search continues for a server. I'm trying here people. So it may be a few days. We'll find someone new. We'll get something. Don't worry. They'll be back. All right. Well, that's a nice little start to the program. Well, there you go. We're off. We've got the boss in the studio but if we put him on mic we're going to have to ask him some hard questions so we'll let him sit there. Oh yes. Unless he wants to take a mic. You were quoted in the daily news today, boss. Did you see that? I like his answer. It wasn't a quote. His answer is, oh, it wasn't a quote. It was him saying that. We don't comment on rumors. We don't comment on rumors. Short, concise. I like it. To the point. Did you have him whacked after he asked you such an insulting, disrespectful question? We actually never talked. You didn't? No. So how did he get that? He said he wanted to talk to me. I left him a voicemail message back saying there's no reason to talk to me but if you want a quote to put in your column, my quote would be. Oh, I see. Hey, this is all about this whole thing about N.E.W. just flipping formats for some reason. Now it's rumored that it's going to be a talk station. I don't know. I haven't heard anything but I am disturbed by something I read in that daily news thing, boss. What's that? Did you read it? Yes. Did you read what was said in our private meetings? Did you read that? I want him dead! We got it right. I want him whacked! How do you do this? How do you handle this? Luca Brasi? You know what? Who are you going to get? We got to whack this guy. You round up the usual suspects and you question them. Who is it? I think this person should be made an example. You know, like, all right, grab the cannolis. And you know what? Not that the things we talk about are like ultra top secret but what good could possibly come from talking to the newspapers about things that go on in our staff meeting? Exactly. Now where do you think the rumors start? The rumors start from other radio stations. Yes. That are just trying to cause tumult. Right, Godfather. So who needs that? You are right. You are right, Godfather Don Herman. We are behind you all the way and we will find this traitor who in the paper is letting out family secrets. I don't like this. So how are you going to find them? Oh, I think it's the person that is going to arrange security for our next meeting. Tessio, that bastard. He was always the smart one. It's strictly business. I understand this but we can't let these people off the hook. I want him whacked. See, usually it's the person that comes to ask you about the format change that was the one that leaked it. Oh, who came? Who came to you? Oh, everyone. All right, all right. We will have to track this person down though and Don Herman, we will bring him to you and you will administer your justice as you do with your baseball bat up in your office. I want his head cracked open. We cannot have a family business spilled about the papers in this fashion. Thank you. So are we going all talk? Is that the whole op? Don't go to him with the question, oh my God, we're going to have to be like Fredo. Is that the rumor? Yeah. Do we have your permission to turn our show into a talk show? That would be fun. Well, what do you think we're doing? This is pretty much whether they like it or not, we've already made that decision. We've been on the air 23 minutes. It's the Godfather theme. Well today we played four records already. Sounds like it doesn't matter what I think. It sounds like you've already made it to the talk station. Maybe that's where the rumors start. Yeah, really, they're listening to the op and Anthony show going, I never hear music. I think the rumor started with Steve Mason and you guys. You think so? Oh, we're conjuring this up. Interesting, interesting. We got website providers on the line. Oh good, get them. Tell them I don't want to sign anything. I don't want this wacky, if you use 100 gigs then you pay. I want a password, I want a username and I want megs of storage space. Unlimited bandwidth. It sounds like a lot, but trust me, I will pop a banner on your stupid site. We'll take care of you. I need space. I need speed. I need unlimited bandwidth. I need prostitutes. You want to take a break I guess? Oh yeah, you can play music. Well it is due for Tuesday. Oh that's right, we've talked twice as long as we usually do. Why do you say it like that? That's what puts the rumor. That's what prolongs the rumor. He didn't sound enthusiastic. Well I'm enthusiastic because there's only a few of these left. Oh, check please. Wow, we can at least see the end, the light at the end of the tunnel. Sound enthusiastic. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW, due for Tuesday, Creed. That's one. My Own Prison before that, their debut CD. Hey, it's Opie, it's Anthony. Wow. And no, we did not get fired, we just took a day off yesterday. Yes, we are back. We are back. We've got to talk to Earl. Maybe not this break, maybe later on in the show because we haven't seen him since he got punished with all those nasty pictures. When did the website actually throw the pictures off? Was it over the weekend or today? If you're just tuning in, we have a lot of pretty rude pictures under the semi-live studio cam of our section of the WNEW website and we just got thrown off our sixth server because of the content of our pictures. That being pictures of Earl getting disciplined by Spike. His hands were tied, he was gagged. There were things in his face that shouldn't be in his face. Yes, she had something, an apparatus strapped on, let's just say. Yes, she had high heels on, she was gouging them into his groin area. Pretty sick. Some of the best pictures I've ever seen. Yes, really good. I checked yesterday afternoon and they were gone. They were gone yesterday afternoon? Oh, yes. They may have been gone by Sunday or Saturday. God damn. So we're looking for a server now. We've gotten some leads so hopefully I'll have these pictures back up later today or tonight. We need a site by Friday because I think a couple of girls are taking on towers, the hottest girls to ever be naked on the Opie and Anthony show. Friday? Yes, we need some web space by Friday. Hi, N.E.W. Hello? Hi, what's going on? Hi, what's up? I heard you guys need a new web app provider. Yes, but this is boring for the radio so hold on. All right. Just get his name and number, man. Hi, N.E.W. Yellow. Hi, N.E.W. Yes, they were still there at 5.30 last night. Oh, they were? Yes, they were. That's about when I checked. They were still there. They were there Saturday night and Friday night because I checked Friday. I heard it from Upstate New York, the broadcast, and I checked it Friday night. So they threw it off last night or sometime. Probably last night or from last night to this morning. That's okay. That means we got three good days out of it. Yes, I wasn't expecting much more than that to tell you the truth. They were pretty good. I think between the... Very explicit. I think between the Earl getting disciplined and then the Mentos video, I think, really put it over the top. That was a little explicit. It took a long time to download. Yes, it was a big file. Yes, we've got to get a faster server. Yes, a faster server. That should just pop right up. Is it the host or is it the receiver when they try to download it? I think it's the host if I had to guess. Yes, it wasn't really. I'm not great on that kind of stuff, but it took a while. I did other things around the house while I think came out. No, see, that should never be the case. I mean, there are servers out there. If you clicked on that Mentos file, it should have taken, what, a minute tops. No, I think it took over 10, 15 minutes for me. No, really. We need a faster server. Yes, I think it took a while. I think it took a while. I think it took a while. I think it took a while. Hi, NW. Hi, I just wanted to say that those pictures weren't so great to begin with. Really? You know, Spike isn't that great looking. Spike? Yeah. No, you've got to understand. She's hot in the dominatrix kind of way. You know, okay, in that way I can tell. Yeah, we're not looking for a Playboy model. She was all about discipline and chains and whips and tattoos. Yeah, but you know, you could have got somebody much better looking. I don't know. As far as dominatrix go, I think we were right on top of it. The bike works, man. No, maybe Tara doing the dominatrix. But see, Tara is like the girl next door. That's what her looks all about. And Spike is all about like scars and scabs. Spike's the real deal. And being gnarly and stuff. You know, her boobs weren't the same size. I noticed that. The one boob was a little bigger than that. Yeah, I didn't like that. Oh boy, but who cares? Geez, I guess Miss Perfect here wants to come in here and pose. No. No, what we could do. We could have a dominatrix beauty pageant. Oh, that's a good idea. With a little talent portion. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? Maybe. I mean, calling all dominatrix. I mean, the publicity you would... Maybe their boobs would be the same size. I would, I don't know. I would put my money on Spike on a dominatrix beauty contest. What was with the blue eyeshadow? That's what I mean. She's all about looking like... The look. Yeah, she's all, you know, scabbed up and stuff. You're not in the scene. So you don't know what it's about. We're in the scene. Well, you know, we're in the scene. And no, I don't, you know, maybe the top, you know, with the sock that Tara was wearing, maybe that would have helped Spike a little bit. No, we're in it. You're in it. Yeah, we go down to the seedy clubs. Yeah. Well, anybody could be in it. All right, wait, what do you look for in a dominatrix? Well, I... You're not going to get a really like hot Playboy model that pulls off the whole dominatrix angle. They could dress up in the dominatrix gear, but it's just not the same. They're working in the credits of Hollywood. Yeah, you're not going to be able to do it though. Yeah, you... She cracks the whip. She cracks the whip. She has strap on. So you'll get a girl that's all hot dressed up in this lingerie with a whip going like, dude, you want me to tap you? No, you need the real deal. Spike's real. I mean, there's a chance you're going to get hurt when you're with Spike. Yeah. All right. It's not about, you know, fake S&M. She's the real deal. I'm sure there are people out there who are into this that are decent. Let me tell you something. No. Actually, there aren't. Let me tell you something about Spike. She gets like $200 an hour to do that. She's got like, on Friday night she was with a pretty serious TV producer that's in his sixties that likes to dress up as a girl. Spike disciplines him. She dressed up in a little girl dress. She's the real deal. It's not about, you know, let's get a little wild on a Friday night, honey. I know, I know. This lady makes her living. Well, yeah. And I find her attractive. You do? I do. There's something very attractive about her. What is it? I don't know what it is. There's just something about her. First of all, her body is definitely not bad. Yeah, I like her bod. And even if you get past that makeup and stuff. I mean, guys. I've seen a lot worse boobs. She's a dirty girl. She's a very dirty girl and that's attractive. You know, we can all fit the role sometimes. You must be really hot because you're picky. Are you hot? No. Then why are you so picky? I'm not picky. I'm just saying if you're going to put pictures on the internet, let's have some night, you know? Playboy.com and get that crap. We're showing the real deal. The real deal. The stuff that gets kicked off of six consecutive web servers. Yeah. We're proud of it. Scabs and all. Yeah. Spike had hickeys and bruises all over her body, man. She was all roughed up. You could punch up pictures of hot girls on the web at the drop of a hat. Put in hot girls and everything will come up. This offers something that's a little different. It's the stuff that gets banned. I mean, it's your opinion. I respect that. But I could take an hour of calls from guys that all just would love to be with Spike for an hour. You know what? You guys have a little twisted, I don't know, urine to the not so pretty looking girl. Even that girl with the blonde hair that was on the pictures. The little spinner. She was ugly too. Come on. She was not ugly. She was like a little dirty girl. What? The Gwen Stefani look-alike? Yeah. She's not ugly. What was with the hairdo? She wasn't ugly. Come on. I've seen the hotter girls but I would, you know, I would stick with the hair. What was with the hairdo? Man. I don't know. I think you guys just have different tastes. You know, your taste or not the norm. I don't know. I also like to look at a real hot model and stuff. It's all what you're into. It's all taste. Okay. You know? All right. Obi, you're kind of cute too, you know. All right, guys. I got to go. Well, send a picture. All right. I'll send a picture. All right. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Bye. Yeah. The blonde girl's hair kind of did have that Sally from, who's that, Sally Hansen from Davy and Goliath. Oh my God. Davy's sister. Davy Hansen's sister, Sally. Remember her hair? Yeah. It looked like the blonde thing but two like yodels. Yes, yes. On the side. It was like those around. Even as a kid I'm watching going, hey, damn it, that looked like a couple of yodels. What do you think, man? Dominatrix beauty contest. Yeah. Yeah, I like it. You line up the Dominatrix. And beauty is just a word when we use it in that fashion. All sizes and shapes. I know there's a lot of Dominatrix women that listen to us. They come in with their little getup and we'll have the listeners vote who's the hottest Dominatrix. Who's the hottest Dominatrix. Or someone, you know, we'll crown the hardcore champion as someone said on Friday. Hardcore champion of the world. Yeah, we could do that. That's Spike's title officially. Yeah, she's the hardcore champ. The WWF terms tariff is the champ, hottest girl to ever pose naked on the Open Anthony show. And Spike is the hardcore champion of the world. We need our intercontinental and European champions. Then the belt will just change hands every day. All right. You want to play some more music? No. Well, oh, yeah. We got until they flip, so what's up? Now you're confirming rumors, Opie. These are rumors. The bosses are going to great lengths to say these are indeed just rumors started by other stations, people in the business. Any W has not made any decisions as far as changing any formats. I don't know what you're saying. You heard the boss say he's not commenting on rumors. Right. Well, we asked him and he didn't give us an answer. No he didn't. I found that a little suspicious. Look into it, man. We're not that dumb. Hey, come on. So, all right, we'll play a couple tunes. What the hell? For a goof, huh? For a goof. We'll play a couple of tunes for a goof. I understand. We'll play a tasty cut. Yeah. From Pink Floyd. We'll get, you know, we'll get a Pink Floyd song out of the way that you've heard a million times and then one you've only heard a couple. Is this the MDA telethon all of a sudden? It sounded like a close encounter. All right. The Rock of New York 1027WNEW, two for Tuesday, Pink Floyd for metal. That's fearless and run like hell before that. It's open, Anthony. Thanks for checking us out today. Appreciate it. All right. Britney's, what's her name? Britney Spears? Yeah. Britney Spears on MTV right now. Yeah. Let me look. Oh yeah. I liked her better when she was called Debbie Gibson. Same chick, right? I think so. Yeah. I think you're right there. Pretty much. Did anyone else know about Britney Spears? No. Oh yeah. I think you're right there. Pretty much. Did anyone else see the God darn it? I knew I forgot something today. What? We were goofing on Jesse from MTV. Oh yeah. Yeah. Did you see the commercial? They're running every like two minutes on MTV. Yes, I have. How if he if he could be a VJ anyone can? Yeah. Damn, we need that audio. That would be VJ. Very cool. I get a good concert. Very cool being in stupid VJ. Is it running that contest? It's a good show. Yeah. Yeah, this time I'm convinced they're just going to get a rock. Just get a big dopey rock, put it somewhere and put like VJ rock underneath it. And then they'll just show it and then go to a video. It would be less annoying than that stupid Jesse. And then just put the VJ rock on tour and people would come out to see the VJ rock. You are so right. They could make the rock famous. it'll be like, well, that's not the rock. That's not the rock. But then when they bring the VJ rock to your city, you'd you like stand on line. Of course you would. Dude, that's the rock. Get a picture of me with the rock. They should do that. That's better than Jesse. Yeah, I'm a VJ. I'm a VJ. We got to roll tape on MTV because they will they will run the spot. They've been playing it every two seconds. Every two seconds. But then it will lose the question. But that's how pathetic our society is as far as fame and stuff goes. If we put like a rock on TV long enough and then you put the rock at a bookstore, people would line up to get a picture with the rock. With the rock. MTV rocks with the rock on spring break and like have the rock with a bunch of chicks and bikinis. And it's all special. The rocks spring break special. And there's no sound. It's just the rock. It's just the rock to check out. And chicks. And chicks. You'd watch. Of course you would. More than it would Jesse because then I'd turn it off. Even with the chicks. Hey we have spring break. It's very cool. I got the intelligence of a six year old. And we have spring break. Why is it so great? We're going to lose capacity. Click. Click. Click. I cannot change the frigging channel faster. I don't care if there's 20 naked chicks behind them. I can't get past. You think how much sperm you think it takes to get his hair like that? Hey, you want to throw another batch of it? There's something about Mary in his head. We got to get the audio of Jesse. Someone roll tape on MTV. And then we'll put it on the air and then we'll find it for another 20 minutes. You could be a VJ too. You cut out his brain. You bastards. Anthony stacker to stagger to you need a boost of energy. You're right there. Yeah, I'm on stacker too. He has energy. Look at him go. Wow. Now you've taken this. I took it today and it gives you the energy you need to make it through the day. Um, yeah, it's helping me. It is gives me a nice little boost of energy just in time for the show. That's good. And there you have it. It also says it burns fat Anthony. I guess if you're, uh, you're getting tired during the day, stacker two would be for you. Yeah. If you're looking for an energy boost, you could try stacker two. If you're not happy, they'll give you your money back. Uh, the companies in New Jersey, you pop a pill within an hour, you get a boost of energy and to order it, you could call one 800 light line. The rock in New York, one Oh two seven W any W two for Tuesday. looks like a lady and dream on those guys at the Oscars the other night. That is weird, huh? Yeah. It was very strange. I think they're kind of fitting into that whole thing these days. I don't know. I'll see him. I don't know. Like you fit in with the Oscars. I mean that way. I mean just with the, uh, the age bracket of the, the people that are there, all that whole pump and circumstance, hoity toity up, stuck up people. Yeah. I don't know. He's, he's, he's, he's not, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, I don't know. I think he's getting, he's getting fitting into that category these days. Like a cello and that damn soundtrack man to the Armageddon. Yeah. I don't know. Any W. Hey yo, you guys know that that Aerosmith song they were played, they played on the Oscars was written about Barbara Streisand and James Brolin, man. I don't want to miss a thing. Yeah. That's actually James Brolin looking at Barbara Streisand sleeping, man. I remember that whole thing. Yeah. I mean, you know, Opie said that Aerosmith is a rock band, man. They ain't no rock band anymore. Not anymore. Did you check out Joe Perry's hair? Uh, yeah. Oh my God. What's going on there? I mean, you know, I, I must say, I love Aerosmith, but he's got to do something with that hair. Definitely. I don't know how many guys have been hitting on him lately with their hair do. No doubt. Hey, you guys are great, man. At least he chopped off that weird fool man chew thing he had going on. That strange, I don't know what it was. It was like the, it was like the Hitler mustache were backwards. Yeah, he shaved out the middle. Shaved out the middle and had the rest. Hey, wait a minute. I want to know, is that really what that's about? Yes. Now who wrote that? You know, I don't know her name. It's not coming to me right now, but I did, I saw it on like a barbershop. Oh no. Waters, Walters. Yeah, I remember this. James Brolin was saying, James Brolin, James Streisand. Talk about the biggest pussy whip on the face of the earth. What normal man looks at a freaking woman after he does it? He's a sweet man. Well, no, he said that he looked at her one day and didn't want to go to sleep. He goes, I don't want to go to sleep. And Barbara goes, well, why don't you want to go to sleep? And that's what the song's about. And he said because I don't want to miss a thing. Yeah, I'll miss you and I don't want to miss looking at you while my eyes are closed. Jesus. Oh. Barbara Streisand you're bedding down with, not Pamela Lee. I know, right? She's not even good to look at awake anyway. You know, remember the young James Brolin? You just figured, you know, he was a cool guy back in the 70s even. What, Marcus Welby he was on? Tough guy, man. Tough guy. You could get any chick he wanted. And then he's like, Barbara, I don't want to shut my eyes because I'll miss you, sweet ends. And that's what that song's about? That's what that song's about. Ah, make me puke. That's an embarrassment. I can't listen to that phone anymore. I want to punch the radio, man. Ah. Well, what do you think of the Oscars? I really don't watch that stuff, but I actually sat with my wife and watched it and I don't know, I almost threw something at the TV, man. I can't take it. You know, we got into a big fight and stuff and she went running upstairs and I just switched on the sports channel, you know. It's so not real and not anything any of us can relate to, these Hollywood big wig jackoffs just parading around in their gowns and jewels. Yeah, but that's what women love, man. Yeah, man. It's a whole fashion show and stuff. You know, I'm not sick of Roberto Benigni yet. Oh, God, I can't take that guy anymore. Come on. As an Italian, I want him shot. This is great. Marvelous. This is wonderful. I cannot believe you're American. You love me. I love everybody. This is fabulous. I cannot believe. Shut up. Have you had enough of this guy? You see that S eating grins, I almost slipped. That he had during the whole Oscar. Yeah, he's like an Italian retard walking around. It looks like a retard that you just brought to the zoo and they just saw some animals and they're all happy and stuff. Yeah, that's what he is. Look at the me. I just made a poopy in my pants. Would you like to see the poopy in my pants? And everyone's like, the anchor doing the news comes back from the clips of the Oscars and they're all laughing, what spirit this man has. Is he great? He just, he's so up all the time. Who cares about the news? He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good. Who cares? This is wonderful. I cannot believe you American people love me. This is fabulous. How about that Robin Williams character though, man? Is anything he says funny at all in your life? No, no, no. It never was. It's unbelievable. It never was. We were all tricked. Even Whoopi Goldberg. I mean, nothing she said was even close to funny. Whoopi is not funny. I don't think she ever has been. And she proved that last night too. Because, I mean, all she ever did was use like that, her mouth. I mean, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, she was like, But they got a little upset a few of the executives at the station got it got upset, because she was manipulative. manipulating the microphone at one point. It was a penis. Yeah, when Liam Neeson was being introduced, he was stroking the microphone like it was a big slump. Like, Liam's going to want a piece of you. Yeah, like that's a vision we need to see. Oh, gosh, she's got to wear baggy pants so her boobs can fit in her legs. Those things are swinging. What's that old joke? What does Whoopi Goldberg giving you a Hummer and tightrope walking across the Grand Canyon have in common? What? Both of you don't want to look down. Right. I love that guy. There it is! There it is! Oh, we're rolling tape! All right, man, take it easy. Love you. Yeah, there it is. The Jesse commercial just came on. Good, we have tape of it. We have tape of it. Get that on-card immediately. We got a goof on Jesse, the spot they're running on MTV. So there you go. I don't know if there's anything else to talk about with the Oscars. That was pretty lackluster, pretty boring. There wasn't any... Dude, would you throw Sophia Loren one still or what? No, stop with Sophia Loren. Everybody's saying how what a babe she is. She's like a grandma. She's like a great grandma. I don't know, man. There was something going on there. I don't know, dude. It's TV. They cake stuff on. They're pulling, tugging. I don't know. Yeah, you want to see that? Whoopi, come to me. Come over here. And she takes it off in just like a mess. You want to see that? I don't know, man. I think I'd go on. Sophia, she's a beautiful lady. Everybody's wonderful. Why not? I don't know, man. You wouldn't throw Sophia one? You have a problem. Geez! You love the old broads, man. All right, what do you got? Sophia Loren's 80. Did you know about the Al Sharpton quote the other day? No, what's the Al Sharpton quote? When he was talking about he's going to do a hunger strike at Rikers Island. Did you hear about that? Really? No. Yeah, it was yesterday. They quoted him because of the fact that he's doing that march in Washington, D.C. Right. If that doesn't work, he's going to come back to New York and he's going to do a hunger strike at Rikers Island. Yeah, but like a whale, he could live off that blubber for years. Exactly. Climbing with its own. I don't think he can go an hour without a meal. That'd be pretty damn funny to say. We will continue this until we have justice. Now, how long has it been? Damn, my stomach's growling. Now, does a hunger strike include yodels and ringdings? Just want to clear that up. What about a coffee cake? I love them drinks coffee cake. I need a value meal. How about a happy meal? All right, I guess we'll take a break here. We have the Jesse clip now. You just got to hear how retarded they... weren't there talented people that actually wanted to be VJs? Well, honestly, there's a lot of kids, let's say, that are in broadcasting and they work their ass off four or five years in college and they want to break in the business. And it's almost an embarrassment. You turn on the tube, you're working your ass off and you see someone like Jesse on MTV. Yeah, I understand. Just taking up space and there's a lot of people that really want to do that and would do a great job. It's like the original Mercury astronauts, Opie, very qualified, highly trained. And they were upset when they used to send the monkey up in the capsule. It's the same thing. They got a monkey running this job. Pretty much. Jesse did great. You want to hear a petty or the pumpkins? Oh, golly, let's smash a pumpkin. That's a good bear. A Rock of New York, 1027WNEW, 2 for Tuesday, Smashing Pumpkins, Cherub Rock in 1979. Hey, what we didn't touch on with the Oscars just before was the whole Lewinsky thing. Yeah. Like she went to all these parties. She got in her big fat gown and went with Jonathan Marshall. I guess he's some entertainment lawyer or something in New York. Yes, I'm sitting here. And made the rounds of the parties. That just goes to show you how screwed up this country is. And how screwed up that whole entertainment thing the Oscars are. She is known for giving a hummer to the President. Period. That's it. And now she's accepted by Hollywood's elite. Hollywood's royal family. She is at these parties. Opi and I, we went to an Oscar party once. Oh, we did, didn't we? Yeah, remember? Remember three or four years ago? Remember that? A radio station in Boston was kind enough to send us out to Los Angeles for the Oscars. We interviewed a bunch of hacks. We couldn't get near any of the stars. So we figure, hey, there's the Oscar party at Spago. Spago. We're going to Spago like everyone. Like all the big Hollywood types. Right? Yeah, we figured we're in LA and we're on the radio. We're pretty important. We'll get into this party. Spago. So we cart our asses down to Spago where there's a line of geeks and freaks looking for celebrities. And we realized at this point, we are getting in. Of course not. But at least we found a little, a two by six board up on two cinder blocks that put us a little higher than the crowd so we could gawk with the rest of the freaks. Well, you got to explain too. That was kind of like the press area sort of, Ant. Sort of. I didn't understand what it was. There was some paparazzi up there and some reporters. So we're like, hey, we're on the radio. We got these groovy looking badges that look important. We'll go into the press area as well. Maybe we'll get a couple questions out. So we go from, you know, maybe having dinner with Madonna at Spago to, all right, we'll just stand on this board. And just watch the celebrities coming up. Gawk at people, sure. We're up there no longer than, I guess, a minute. Some big guy comes up and goes, hey, you can't stand on that. We got kicked off of the board in front of Spago. We couldn't even stand on a two by six. We weren't worthy enough to stand on a damn piece of what? But Madame Tonsel Hockey gets into all the parties with her big, fat, glittery dress. And he stains on it that night, Monica. Did Jonathan leave a stain? You know what is more disgusting than all that? Katie Lang is quoting the paper today that she told Monica that she had a sex dream about her. Sorry, Katie. There seems to be something missing on your anatomy that she really likes. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Where's that? Monica was seated under table 14. No, honestly, I'm not going to take credit for that. Don't worry, because I know people heard it somewhere else. That's Jay Leno's joke that he told a hundred people. Every time you saw Jay Leno on TV, he was telling that same joke. He was so proud of it. Monica Lewinsky, she's seated under table 14. Isn't that funny? Check, please. Check, please. What a buffoon. Well, there you have it. Another Monica Lewinsky, people. You know she was seated under table 14. What a mess. What? What do you got? A little note? Phone call? I don't know. Kevin, you've got to print, I think. What is he writing in cursive? Give me that. Let me see. Come on, get out of here. Kevin's like our intern. He's great. He's screened in the class. Now read what it says. Wait, wait. He scribbled out the first two and you can't tell what he scribbled to what he wants you to read. Because it looks like the scribble. Fine in good mor... What? To speak to... Oh, you have issues. You have some problems. Hey, W. What do you have? You should go over to MTV so you can be a VJ. Who is it? My name is Dennis. Hey, Dennis. What's up? Just touching upon the Monica Lewinsky thing. I was watching Good Morning America yesterday. And one of the ladies was there and she said she couldn't even get to Monica. There was a huge line. And supposedly Monica's hanging out with Madonna. Yeah, you know, I'm not a huge Madonna fan. But all of a sudden Madonna was kind of tossed aside because Monica was there. I think Madonna has done more for our society than... Not much. Than Monica. That's how we think of this country, you know? It's Monica. Everyone wanted to see Monica. And she's known for one thing. The presidential schween. She has embraced it, loved it, serviced it. And that's what's making her famous right now. They're taking pictures of her. And meanwhile presidential penis is ready to launch missiles into Yugoslavia. This is great. Is anybody interested in that maybe we're going insane as a country? Maybe we're just insane now? The president is getting ready to shoot his load once again. What? His load of missiles. Yeah, his military load. Of course. I will take my missile and thrust it right into Kosovo. Kosovo, who's she? I like them foreign broads. When can I get some of that Kosovo? Yeah. Get some. Get some. Well, you know, his wife and daughter are out of the country. That's what I hear. Yes, Africa is it? They're taking a little 12-day trip of Africa. They've been over there a lot. There's so many countries to visit on the globe. And for some reason they went a while back and now they're going again. Now, interestingly enough, I think we have exclusive audio, Anthony. I don't doubt it. Why wouldn't we? We've got audio of Hillary and Chelsea in Africa. I can't wait to hear it. We'll be playing that a little later on in the show. Also, where's Black Earl? Where is he? Where's Earl? We've got to talk to him today. He's rejoicing that his pictures, the pictures of him getting disciplined by Spike, were kicked off the webpage. Well, a lot of people are sending instant feedback saying, hey, man, why don't you tell your faithful listeners that you guys got censored again? We talked about earlier in the show. We got censored by what? WebJump? WebJump was web-dumped to me and Opie, they took our pictures off. And we ran down, we read down the list of reasons that you might get dumped off of WebJump. And the only one that fit was obscene material. Yes, they can judge what's obscene. The Supreme Court still has not decided what obscene is. Can't define it. But WebJump has realized that maybe that Mentos video was obscene. That was classic. I showed so many people that this weekend. People like that one. Big time. Well, we're going to find another server, I guess, because that's the sixth one we've been kicked off of. Yeah, seven's a charm. So don't worry, we'll get the pictures back eventually. We'll be back when we find a cool server. Now, where's Earl? Is he still in the building? I think he's in the back. All right, well, here's the deal. Because we're running so late, let's just play a few spots and we'll come back hopefully with Earl. Okay. Instead of music. Is that cool? That sounds good. Can we handle that? You're going to perpetuate these rumors, Opie. What's that, Anthony? By not playing music. What? No one's talking about that. I read something in the paper. Huge article in the Daily News. The rumor has it we're going all talk. We had the boss on earlier and he didn't confirm or deny the rumor. He's out right now looking to whack the staffers that spoke with the Daily News. Yeah. We'll also do that. You'll find two people that worked here in the river, floating in the East River. Well, we got a bunch of rats on the staff. We know that already. A bunch of rats going to the press talking about our private meetings, staff meetings. That's just stupid. All right, it's Opie. It's Anthony and it's our buddy, our pal, Earl. Black Earl, everyone. What's up, man? What's happening? He's been working all day long. He's very busy. He's working very diligently today. Well, everyone's getting ready for the day Matthew's thing tomorrow. We have tickets to give away? Yeah, we do. We forgot to give away our tickets last hour. Oh, we can do that. We'll do that. But Earl, I notice you're still standing. You haven't sat down since Friday? I'm in pretty good shape, actually. Are you? Yeah. Were you sore at all this weekend from your beating from Spike? A little sore in the groin area, but I'm fine. She was stepping on him with high heels, Spike heels. Are you sore from the high heels or from the, what was that? I never used to like... Well, don't get too happy. Don't get yourself too attached to the current format. We're teasing, of course. All I'm saying is I like certain kinds of music. This is the line you got to listen to when you're in a bar trying to pick up a chick. You got to listen to these stories. We're like the guy with the coke to the coke whore right now. She'll say anything to us. No, this wasn't. Why? New York has such an incredible music scene. You know in the bar, you got to sit and listen like, yeah. Meanwhile, you're just going, God, I hope this pans out. Yeah, because in your head you're thinking, man, I wonder what you're thinking. So you act really interested. Yeah, the music scene in New York. Damn the music scene. Yes, it does suck. God, we are so much alike. You know, we are so much alike. I love puppies too. I love puppies. I love getting mad at you and I don't care what you think. I love them. I travel thousands of miles with them. Yes, yes, we know. In London, in Amsterdam, and I've seen them here all over the country. I want to see them tomorrow. Yes, I put her on hold. No, I agree. Yes, the tampon much better than the pad. Am I getting laid tonight? Please, so I can finish this conversation. She's probably freaked out because we put her on hold. We're on delay. Hello? Hello? Hi. Hi, I thought we lost you there. No, I'm listening to you. You put me on the radio. Oh my God. Look at her. Now she's listening to herself. Now she's backing on hold. Now obviously, we didn't even ask her the question, but it's so obvious she's not going to get it. But now she's a huge Dave Matthews fan. Hi, who's this? Hi, my name is Jim. Hi, Jim, how are you? Good, good. I'm calling. This lady is so annoying. No, really? Can I ask you a question? Isn't it just like every girl? You try to pick up in a bar. Yeah, man. You just got to put up with it. You got to because you're trying. You're working it. Yeah. No, I do understand. Yes. Tell me about how your father screwed you over again. God, I love that. I sympathize so much. Oh, you poor thing. If I could work up a tear, I'm in. And inside your head, you have this hourglass. And it's going down like your schween. All right, so what's your deal with Dave Matthews? I don't think they're a great band. I'm a fan of your show. And I'll take a stab at the Viagra question. All right. We made an analogy about Viagra when it first hit in the summer. First hit? Like acid? No. That's a good one, though. It was close. All right, man. Thanks. This is a hard one, man. Hi, Indy W. Hi, I'm calling. It's one of Dave Matthews' tickets. All right, what's your name? Michael. Hi, Michael. Where are you calling from? I'm in Northern State. I just left Huntington. How's the traffic? It's not bad. All right, cool. You got an answer to the ONA trivia question? I didn't hear the actual... they were comparing Viagra to something. Yeah, we did an analogy about Viagra when we first... Oh, this is Opie? Yeah. Hey, I went out to the Longshore Brewery a couple weeks ago. All right, good time. You got an answer to because your phone's crapping out on us. Oh, you compared it to crack? No. All right, man. We got to go. Your phone sucks. Okay, sorry. Thanks. All right, here's the deal. Here's the deal. We'll take two more callers. If they know the answer, they get the tickets flat out. If not, I'm going to give it to the huge Dave Matthews. I figured you would do that. Is that cool? That sounds okay. All right. She's looking a freak now. Is he still listening? Hi, Indy W. Indy W. Yeah. All right, what's your name? My name's Mike. All right, Mike, do you know the answer to the ONA trivia question? I do. I do. Jesus. Uh-oh. I know. I'm listening. All right, we need an answer, dude. All right. Put the bong down. Yeah. It was. My aggro was compared to... He's just... He's milking. I do now. I forgot. I know. All right, thanks. All right. It's compared to the thing that you guys once called a... Oh, my God. All right, what's your... All right, this is the last one. Hang on, man. There's such a ding-dong. All right, what's your name again? You didn't know my name in the first place. All right, what's your name? Laura. Laura the annoying caller. Laura the annoying Dave Matthews caller. You're going to regret that. All right, Laura, here's the deal. I'm putting you on hold. Okay. If the next person doesn't know the answer, then you got the tickets for this private show. Dude, leave her on the line. All right. Let's let her live through this horror. I'm so sorry, Laura. I wasn't listening to the radio. All right, all right. Stay on the line. Hold on. Okay. All right. God, I hope he gets it. I gotta make this work. I hope he gets it. Laura? Laura? Yeah. Okay, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Laura? It's Laura. All right, hold on. Who's this? It's Laura. Hold on, everyone. Goddamn phone. It's like missing control over there. When we go... Oh, we lost Houston. All right, when we go all talk, I hope they fix the phone. All right, Laura. Yeah? All right, hold on the line. I'm going to try this again. All right. All right, hi. Who's this? This is Kyle. All right, Kyle, hold on. What a pain in the ass. All right, Laura. Yeah? Kyle? Yeah? All right, cool. All right, Laura, shut up, all right? I'm not saying anything. All right. I just wanted to say... I'm not saying anything. Shut up. No, believe me, it was a preemptive shut up. We knew it was coming. Preemptive shut up. All right. Go ahead. Kyle, for the day... Where are you calling from, Kyle? Manhattan, New York. All right. For the day, Matthew's... Are you a big Opie and Anthony fan? Huge. Kind of hilarious. And how long have you been listening? I've been listening to the radio. I've been listening to the radio. How long have you been listening? About three, four months. I see. This could be good, then. This could be good. This could be good for the girl. All right, Kyle, what is the answer to the ONA trivia question? We'll give it to you again. When Viagra hit the scene in the summer, we made an analogy of what it was like. Ecstasy? No. Oh, man, come on, guys. I'm going all day. Sorry, man. Can't take two people. Laura? Yeah? You're going. Yeah! Look at her. Listen to her. She's squealing. Yes. Oh, yes. Thank you. Thank you. To be honest, I wanted to give it to you from the beginning... Because you're too cool. What are you, trying to pick her up? Yeah, listen to her, man. Is she hot? I've got to know. Wow, she almost went from being real excited about Dave Matthews, to now being a little bit of a big fan of... I've got to know. Not only that, but now that she's a big fan of you, it's been a little bit of a bit of a... Yeah. Matthews to have like an orgasm. Yeah, we gotta do the big contest outro. We gotta do the tagline, you know, when like Z100 and all those go, what's your favorite radio station? I'm sorry, I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so happy. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. All right, Laura's on line five. Wow. That's cool. I'm exhausted just listening to her. Well, the Viagra analogy, it's good, but we got to take a break. Yeah. Maybe we'll do it a little later. How's that? Okay, we'll fill you in on that. Yeah. You want to hear, wow, Pearl Jam or ACDC next? It depends on the Pearl Jam. I've heard some, like Pearl Jam is very iffy with me. Sometimes I love it, but there are some songs I cannot sit through. Jeremy and Nothing Man. Those are pretty good. ACDC, you shook me all night long or Money Talks? I've heard those enough. Really? I've heard all four enough to tell you the truth. When we go all talk, you won't have to worry about it. Stop perpetuating rumors. Well, everyone else is talking about it in the city. Let's make believe we don't know anything about it. We're not supposed to talk about such things, Saltbite. All right, Pearl Jam or ACDC? You said Pearl Jam? Go with the Pearl Jam. All right, we'll be back. All right, we'll take a little musical break here. On the way next, some audio from Hillary and Chelsea's trip to Africa. It's an Opium Anthony exclusive. In the meantime, it's Two for Tuesday. The Rock of New York 1027W&W, Two for Tuesday with Pearl Jam, Nothing Man and Jeremy. I love hearing you say that. What? Two for Tuesday? Two for? A two for everyone. It's a two for on this Tuesday, on this Two for Tuesday. Care! Hey, stop it. You're not supposed to say things like that. You can yell that. See, we're able to, with the two fors, get, you know, the second cut could be more of a tastier cut, Saltbite. Tasty Two for Tuesday cut for you. Tasty tune on a tasty Two for Tuesday. When are we going to start doing Black Party weekends? That's what I want to know. Hey, get the lead out. Let's get the lead out. All right. You know, I was a goof when I was working in Buffalo Radio, you know, because every station was getting the lead out. That was the big thing. Right. Let's play three in a row from Led Zeppelin, call it Get the Lead Out, it'll be Zanerrific Radio. I started a thing in Buffalo called Mandatory Metallica. A Mandatory Metallica? That was you? Yeah, that was me. Ho-ho, that's taken over the whole country. I've heard that. That's the latest, so. All right. Wow. We could play the audio from Chelsea and Hillary. Clinton, they're over there in Africa. We got some exclusive audio. Okay. Or we could go to the phones and talk to our drunk friend, Jay. Jay's on the phone, huh? Well, you hung out with Jay this weekend, right? I was up in Massachusetts. Yeah, hung out with Jay and it's always a common theme when we're hanging out. It's very funny. We got to explain Jay. Anthony and I, very good friends off the air. This is not like a little goof we do where we act like we like each other on the radio and then hate each other like every other team in New York. We have one friend. Yeah. One friend. We've known each other for five years. We have one friend. That's true. And it's Drunken Jay. Drunken Jay. Drunken Jay. He's not drunk now. No, I'm not. Thank you. You make him sound like he's drunk all the time. Thanks a lot. I know. Isn't that great? It's so funny because when I hang out with Jay, we do athletic stuff. That's true. You do maybe some rollerblading. Or we'll walk the streets and check out record stores and stuff. Now, when Anthony hangs out with Jay, it's just drinking and brunch and throwing darts at things you're not supposed to throw darts at. Yeah, the liver has to really get in tune before we hang out. We're still doing sporting events, but they take on a whole new... I don't know. Well, this is a theme that is running through because since we've been back in New York, I go up there to visit because my wife Jennifer's family still lives up there. So we go on little outings. The first one you may have remembered was the Renaissance Festival that I went on. Now, so it wouldn't just be me and Jen and my mother-in-law and maybe Annie Marg, who was at the original Renaissance. So the festival was a whole new thing to her. It was called. She told us it was accurate. Yeah, it was a revival to her. Oh, King Richard, I did him. So we went to that. Well, we're drinking beer like crazy. We were just like big steins. We turned into those knights. By the end of the day, we're tanked throwing hatchets at wood. It was supposed to be at the wood. Then we're just picking targets. Bet you can't hit that tree. I stand about six feet tall. There was a tall girl right next to me and I missed that. I'm talking the hatchet just bounces off the wall. And this teenager who just handed me four hatchets while I put down two beers to get them. Dude, why don't you like move back a step or two? Now the hatchet is equal with her head and I whip it and it just goes right past her ear. But of course she was laughing too. Everyone was laughing at the hatchets and the drunk people. Now you guys almost got kicked out of a bar Sunday. Well, you got to remember now there was another time we visited where me and Jen and Jay figured we'd go bowling. But you can't find cool regular bowling up there. So we had to do that fag candles pin bowling with a tiny ball. Yeah, the softball. The ball is like the size of a softball. The pins are little candlesticks and you whip this ball down there. So of course drinking and then at one point Jay bet me that he could take this candle pin ball, throw it down, which is a regulation lane. Same length. Without hitting the lane, the ball will land in the center of the pins, thus scoring a strike. I couldn't get the money out of my pocket fast enough to see this. He shot puts this thing. He gave it a little too much. It hit the sign. You know those big signs over the alleys that say like, you know, Junior League bowling starts here. He hit it the letter like alphabet soup. They're falling all over every other lane. We started on unlacing our shoes at that point. We were out of there quicker than a chippy at one of Fredo's get togethers. Godfather reference. We love Godfather references. So now I'm up there this weekend. So we decide to catch some brunch. This is the Sunday tradition. We go to this small place that has a little brunch and drinks that are made like just don't smoke near them. So what were you drinking? You were drinking those vodka grapefruits. They call it a great greyhound. Greyhound. It's basically a big thing of vodka with some yellow food color. And I had to like some Bloody Marys and stuff. And then we decided we'd hit the bar down the road to play some darts. Wait, can I explain the bar? Yeah. Oh yeah, it's a bloodbath. I've been there. Yeah, it's called Green Acres. Yeah. And this is a place that has all out bar fights every weekend. It's a small local place, but they need bouncers in the place because somebody will always be dragged out, kicking, punching. One of those old Burt Reynolds movies every Friday night, Saturday night. Just insane. And on Monday they're replacing the panes of glass outside every single Monday. I'm not exaggerating. This place is just a sick bar. Exactly. People get kicked into this bar. Now, so the story goes, you guys went there Sunday. Sunday after brunch. You almost got kicked out of this bar. Almost got kicked out. No one gets kicked out of this bar. Well, we're playing darts because that's what we went there for. Oh, and yes, two to drink. And the game of darts just didn't seem exciting enough. So we had to play it from the table we were sitting at across the room, which still wasn't bad because we were trying to hit the dartboard. Then it got to the point where Jay starts taking the chalk that you score with and making X's on various things around the bar. And we're betting a bunker shot who can get closest to his X. So it's like the fire extinguisher. Lap, lap, phoom, phoom. My bunk, you know, you hit the guy coming out of the bathroom. That doesn't matter if he passed the extinguisher, it has to hit the extinguisher. It was a mess. People were walking right by us. The other one, though, hey, try to hit the outlet. Yeah, you know what? I was so bad off, I just said, you know what? There's no way I'm going to hit it anyway. So I just throw it anyway. So yeah, Jen was given a look like she was getting pissed. And then the owner of the place was like, you know, keep this up, you're going to have to leave. We don't want your kind. And of course, I turned around and just said, got my service back and told him. Hey, Jay, St. Paddy's Day wasn't the same this year without you. Oh, man, I'm sure. We went to. There's a lot left over. Well, it wasn't like last year with the kids blowing off the fireworks in the streets and stuff. No, Saudi and Boston, very Irish down there. And yeah, they celebrate St. Paddy's Day different. I think they're training the children for the IRA. I swear to God, we were walking down the streets of Saudi and Boston, St. Paddy's Day, these kids, I don't know where they got these things. They were called bomb packs. I kid you not. It's a package that you pull this little string out of and then throw it in ten seconds later, it blows up. It makes like a little, you know, little kiddy explosion, but it in fact blows up. And I hear some of the fathers going, no, sir, this is how you do it. First, you got to put the hood in the car and put it in the car. But that would get the British bastard. It's a clean. I was like, dude, you're in Massachusetts. We have some fun when alcohol is involved, don't we? That was some fun. Yeah. All right. All right, man, we'll be up there soon. See you again. Now think of some other sport maybe we could do. Well, we're trying to hire Drunken Jay for our show. Maybe crowded street javelin throw. I like that. Anything else to add, Jay? No. You don't want to use this back or anything? All done? No. No. I'm so drunk to do it. Still, of course, because it's our friend Drunk Jay. Poor guy. Come on. What a name. He's a well respected man in the community. What community? Well, the drunk community, but it is a community. Damn, the town drunk. Let's pull that old one out. Now, Otis, back in the sale. Oh, no, I'm out of here. He's done. Now he's mad. All right, we'll see you soon, man. All right, man. Later. Later. Sir, pal. Jay, our only pal. I'm going to go two states away just to hang out and drink with somebody. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW, two for Tuesday, ACDC, Money Talks. And you shook me all night long. It's Opi, it's Anthony. And it's Australian Mark in the studio. Good day. How's it going? Good day. You know what that was? Look at that. I think we need to explain that. On the way, a chance to win a day Matthews tickets. Mark just cursed. I couldn't tell if he was on Australian. It doesn't count. Yeah. If he was on Australian radio, he wouldn't have gotten away with what he just said. Exactly. Or would you? I know. I know. Are the rules strict down there? No, they're not. No, it's a little more relaxed here. Yeah. Well, who cares if a kangaroo is yet? Well, we invited Mark onto the show today. Everyone always pictures kangaroos. That's all that's down there. Hey, how are the kangaroos? Well, every day. Every day. Koalas, man. Oh yeah. The koalas too. And that crazy guy that's on the Discovery Channel. Here we go. I'm going into the hole now. I'm going to pull him out by his balls. What's that crazy guy's name? I'm going to stick my arm here in the crocodile's mouth. The crocodile hunter. Yeah. I'm going to pull his tonsils out. I don't recommend you do this at home. It's like, yeah, I'm going to go down the street and go catch the croc and roll him. Well, we got Mark in the studio because... Anything's better than throwing another shrimp on the barbie. That's all. Yeah. How many times do you have to hear that? Have you ever had a Vegemite sandwich? Love the stuff. You got to be winged on it though. What is Vegemite? It's like a yeast, black soy sauce paste extract. Oh stop. My mouth is watering. Very salty, but you're raised on it. So yeah, it's an acquired taste. Kind of like the next day after you eat White Castle. Yeah, that's acquired. Now you finished Half Life. Yeah. Yeah, I did indeed. We were talking about this before. Yeah, we brought Mark in because like myself, he's going through withdrawals because this weekend I finished Tomb Raider 3. Yes. I started Christmas Day. So it was three months. Three months. Which is about your time, right? That's what I say. Yeah, it took me three months to finish Half Life, yes. And I had no life for that period of time. So the Half Life is you spend half your life playing and the other half are trying to catch up on sleep. But life has returned. And I feel empty. It took me three months or just under to finish Tomb Raider 3. Yeah. And this weekend I got a lot of stuff done. I'm like, wow, free time. Yeah, time on your hands now. It is so bizarre. For the first time, I worked on our radio show in three months. Yeah, I realized that when I was watching Ali McBeal last night. I was like, damn, why am I doing this? It is so bizarre. It's like an addiction. It starts out these video games or whatever. It just starts out as a stress relief. You know, a little bit of fun. Recreation. Recreation, a little entertainment instead of watching the, you know, the boob tube and stuff. By the end of the game, it's an addiction. You have to finish. It took the first couple of weeks and it becomes an obsession. Yeah. Yeah. You cross that line where you start dreaming about it. Mm hmm. It's bad. Oh, it's bad. How are you going to get through that next little course? Right. I turned, I turned you on to this. So, uh, I felt like I was the drug dealer. Bring it on. Come on, man. Give me a hit. I need a clue, man. Come on. That's it. Yeah, yeah, give me a hit. I got to get through this part, man. The monster's around the corner. And I have no ammo. Does the grenade go under the cab or under the tank or over the tank? Yeah, which, how do I blow it up? Now, come on, that's up to you. I front to you enough information. But I felt that way when I first went into electronics, but take to pick up a game. I walk in and I'm looking through the games and, uh, the guy comes over and goes, Hey, man, you look, you're looking for a game? Yeah. Yeah. Check this out. Hands me the half-life box. He's got, this is some good. Like, yeah. Yeah. Cause I just the best in the place. Like, all right, thanks. I almost like put it under my jacket and snuck out. No, I paid for it. Then I got home and my relationship paid for it. I just, I was on there for 12 hours straight. Well, a lot of times. And when you finish, you do, you feel like, Oh, great. Now what? You know, that's a big letdown. It's like a drug cause you lose all your relationships. His relationship definitely suffers. Your, your work suffers. No sleep. No, no sleep. Just like Christ. Crack cocaine. You are a crack head with these games. I understand. I'm with you. But now I got all this free free time. I don't know what to do. I'm going to get another one. I'm going to have to get another fix. There's a stepping stone. You need a bigger and better one. That's the problem with half-life because I, I can't find one that's really as good. I met my wife last night. You're back with her, right? Okay. She's looking good after much time. I don't know. I'm thinking siphon filter for play. Looks good for PlayStation cause I got the PlayStation. We need team fortress two to come out. Half-life team fortress to come in now. Come in now, man. I'm hurting real bad. Yo Sierra, I'm hurting real bad. I need this. You don't understand, man. Look, I got a camera and a telescope. I'll sell it to you. I just need it. You know, I must say too, when I completed tomb Raider three, it was a big letdown. I was expecting some huge bells and whistles. Fanfare. I was expecting you finish the game and also on the screen just goes, and there's like a number or something. You have to call because you finished the game, right? Yeah. And then what? You can only get this number if you get the, to the end of the game and you dial up the number and this hot blonde comes over and gives you oral favors for free for finishing the game. Oh, come on. Well, I was expecting more than a stupid helicopter comes down and takes her away. And that's the end of the game. Oh, is that what happened? I thought it was going to open up the treasure, man. Well, we got like this, the smoking man from, from, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then throughout the whole game, you'll be playing, you're battling these huge beasts and then you look up, you're dying, you're being shot, you're being blown up, you're trying to kill somebody. You glance up at a balcony and there's a guy in a suit walking by looking at you. And you take a few pot shots at him. Doesn't hurt him. So finally at the end, you get to meet this guy and he tells you what the whole thing was, fills you in and then tells you, you want to keep working for him or, or you, you got a decision to make. You make the wrong decision. You end up back with a bunch of monsters. You make the right one. You go onto the sequel, I guess. I don't know. Wow. See, I was expecting like Lara Croft to come over and give a, give me a personal lap dance for this game. I wouldn't let her shoot you. That's true. But it was a let down. I was expecting something serious. Well, you need your next fix. Yeah. Empty feeling now. Oh, but the end of an addiction is never a happy moment. You need more. War means you need more. Yeah. You can't be satisfied. You're addicted. Hi, any W we need a video game rehab. It was kind of, I don't, I don't have a problem. What are you talking about? I just need more games. What's up, buddy? What's going on? Uh, I got a suggestion. Oh dude, I got a great half life story. Actually. I finally beat the game about a month ago. All right. And after I beat my knee, I had a jump that, uh, my sound kicked out. So I couldn't hear what that do with the glasses in the briefcase was saying. Uh, I just spent months playing this thing and I couldn't figure out what the end was. Oh my God. It was the secret to live. Oh, you missed it. Oh, well try again. So I finally beat it the other day and it was kind of like a let down. Yeah, I know. It was kind of like, he was like, would you like to Gordon, would you like to go on us or would you like to, you know, fight the monsters again? So I joined them and the screen went black. Yeah. Well, and it's for the sequel. I guess. I don't know. All right. What do you guys are going through with your own? Oh yeah. I got a real bad, I got a quick game. Okay. That's that could be possibly help you. It's Starcraft. Starcraft. I know. Yeah. I'm not drunk. Drunk J our friend plays that. Yeah, I'm not into that one. Not into the strategy games. Well, I don't know. I'm looking at Siphon filter for PlayStation. I think I like first person perspective. Quake two. Let's discuss like the new Jetta. Yeah. Yeah, I know. It's like we need the methadone of video games. I know it's like Quake. Quake two is a methadone for me. It's not quite filling me in, giving me the buzz that Half-Life did, but I need something and then I have my Half-Life team Fortress coming out. Right. And then Half-Life multiplayer that I'm on every night. Mm hmm. So, you know, I'm getting along. I'm not feeling totally fulfilled, but you know, it's working for now. One day at a time. Oh man. So hard. It's hard. It really is. I don't know what to do with myself tonight. But yeah, I'll figure out. I almost threw the PlayStation through the window. You get those moments. Well, like I said, it starts out as a fun game and by the end you want to kill somebody literally. I was never a computer game sort of guy before this. Yeah. It just kills you. But I was doing Tomb Raider 3 and I was going further and further into the game one day, right? And I was getting really far. I'm like, should I save the game here? Don't have enough save crystal. Should I save? It was a big decision. I'm like, no, I'll go a little further. One a little further. Mike, should I save here? No, no, no, I'll go a little further. Keep going. Right. Now I'm finally ready to save the game. The lights flicker in my house. Oh no. And it goes off. And I'm like, this has got to be a camera. Where's the damn camera? I looked at the TV in shock as it pops back on where I was, you know, before I started the day's work and now Merv is on. I almost threw the PlayStation through the living room window. I'm like, you've got to be kidding. You've got to be kidding me. You'll get it over at that point. That's part of the anger and anxiety of an addiction, Opie. Right. When it doesn't go your way. All right. Now, did you cheat a little? Yeah, of course they cheat. Cause I always got to cheat a little. I was talking to people about Tomb Raider and three and stuff and you know, I had my fun. I figured out a lot of the game on my own, but it got to the point. Why did I have to play the game perfect? So I could brag that I was, you know, I figured every single part of it by myself. Of course I cheat a little. Yeah. When I have fun. Sure. You know, I jumped online and got some walkthroughs and stuff. Of course. There you go. All right. Well, we got to hook up a multiplayer. We'll get into, we'll do some battle. My little method. Team Fortress. Yeah. Yeah. So I can, we'll get through Max. We'll get through. What is, hi, any W. Hi, I'm still on. Ball. All right. What's up? Not anymore. Who is this? Opie and Anthony. Hello. How are you? Good. How are you? I can't believe I'm actually getting to speak to you. Cool. I've been calling for days and every time I call people, slam the phone. Oh no. Really? You're rude to me and they say they're busy. They have no time. Oh, well, what you have to say must be very important. Well, no, it was just my feelings for her. And I, I couldn't understand. Why were your feelings hurt? Because nobody would talk to me. And every time I hear you guys on the radio, you're so nice to everybody. Everybody's so nice. And I. Okay. Now we're listening. I've been calling all for like four days now to try to win tickets. And I thought I wanted to do it. I said, all right, I gave up on that. I just want to speak to them, tell them I love their show. I have a great time listening to them. I even sent you an email and I couldn't get through. And the guy says, now they're busy. It slammed the phone down on me. And they said, wow. Yeah. That's kind of credit that they do that. But I was, you know, yeah, my feelings got hurt because I've been listening to any W for like 25 years and then when Scott and I get kind of, yeah, you know, so I stopped. Boy, anyone else see that coming? Waiting. My God. Telegraph that one up. All right. Well, uh, to that lady, if she's still listening, there's a problem with our phones. Okay. Um, thank you for that little AA meeting. Yeah. I feel better. You feel better now? Good. All right. We'll all get it. I'll get fine. We have to play this. You want to play it now instead of taking a break? Yeah, go ahead. Hopefully there's people who are listening. We're talk station. All right. Pretty much according to the paper, just rumors. People are quitting left and right around here today. And what's going on there? Bending ship. Our buddy, Ken Daschard just quit. I heard. Didn't oops. X-ray. Sorry. And no one here. I'm on another. No one knows what we're saying. I want to stay on listening. Okay. Listen. Uh, so Chelsea and Hillary are in Africa. Yes. Uh, they're away from the old man for two weeks. As far away from bill as possible. And it's, it's so obvious things are going on. Cause like he's in a crud, a crisis right now with a cause of O. Yeah. And she should be there. Yeah, of course. You know, supporting him in a decision that might cost men their lives. And she's out parading, uh, to Africa. You know, it's obvious that there's a nothing there. Nothing. Spending a couple of weeks in Africa. We got exclusive audio, Anthony of, uh, Hillary and Chelsea's trip to Africa. All right. Would you like to hear the first clip here? I would love to. Okay. Let's take a listen. Are these people cannibals? Now, now Chelsea, why would you say that? Cause the chief said he'd get anything to eat me. He sounds a lot like your father. Your mother, Hillary is very respected here. She has the one quality that is most coveted in our village. What's that wisdom? Compassion? No, a fat white ass. Your African name, Chelsea is Tiala Abalafu. That's beautiful. What does it mean? Lanky pale girl with face of a wombat. Hey mom, man, Digo wants me to go into the forest with him. I think he's going to let me have one of his pets. Why do you think that Chelsea? Cause he said he's going to give me his 12 inch U-Bangy black snake. Oh, it's beautiful out here, man, Dingo. By the way, what does your name mean? It means man with three legs. But you only have two legs. Oh, really? Chelsea, when we are through tonight, the whole village will call you Iwa Chalakanaya. Neat. What does it mean? That means she who cannot sit for weeks. Now grab your ankles, Chelsea, and I will demonstrate what your father does to your countrymen. Wow. You've got to be kidding me. Who knew that was going on? They show those nice clips on the news of them smiling. But well, I got part two of the bit. Would you like to hear it? Yeah, we might as well be kicked out of the whole state. Okay. All right. So continuing with the saga, Hillary and Chelsea in Africa. Okay. Here we go. Let's listen to another part two. Yeah. Oh, man, Dingo, it's so big. I need two hands to hold it. Oh, that's it, Chelsea. Now wrap your lips around it. Yes, that's it. Now blow, Chelsea. Nothing's coming out. Be patient, Chelsea, and blow harder. Bullseye. Thanks for showing me how to use your blow gun, man, Dingo. Anytime, Chelsea. We best go back to the village and find your mother. I wonder where she is. Maybe she's in this hut. Oh. Mom, what are you doing with Dingo's sister? Oh, dear. You said you were going on a safari. No, no, I said before the day ends, I want to be deep in the bush. Well, you do what you want. I'm going to help Dingo take care of a bad animal. What are you talking about, Chelsea? He wants me to spank his monkeys. Well, just be back in time for dinner. Okay. Well, what are we having? I don't know about you, but I'll be having the African beaver. No, come on. That isn't real audio from their trip to Africa, is it? I don't know. Wow. Our source is pretty reliable, Anthony. That is just out of control. Wow, the Hillary and Chelsea audio, big hit. I guess people seem to have liked that one. Big, huge hit. AnthonyPriceline.com. Ah, we love Priceline. You want to save some money? Hmm. You're going to be at a hotel anytime soon? You're going to be out of town maybe or in town? Mm-hmm. You need a hotel room? You want to pay full price for that hotel room? No. No way. So what do you do? You call Priceline at 1-800-Priceline, or you get on the web at Priceline.com. You name your price that you want to pay, you feel is a reasonable price for the hotel room. And Priceline gets you the price, you get the hotel room, everyone's happy, you've saved money. Yeah, these guys have been on our show for a while now, and I just don't understand if you're going away in the near future, need a hotel room or an airline ticket, why you wouldn't call to see what they could do for you. It's free. And the cool thing is if you use their website, Priceline.com, you put down the price you want to pay for a hotel room, within an hour, they're writing you back saying if your price was accepted or not. And sometimes they'll bargain with you, they'll say, well, look, I can't give you a hotel room for a dollar, but I'll give it to you for 75, it's usually 150, whatever. They'll make some deals with you and do the best they can. Significant savings, yes. Not just like, hey, we'll save you a buck. Right. I can't get at it. Yeah, why bother at that point? Yeah. 1027W, the Rock of New York. Officially a threefer from the doors, Anthony. Ho ho, officially, you caught us. Blue Sunday, peace frog and back door man. Dude. What? Dow down 218, close down. Now this amazes me about Wall Street, if I may quickly. See, it says mounting concerns that corporate earnings growth may have slowed substantially, caused fear and selling on Wall Street. So, all right, now it goes down. But then in two weeks, it's like, the bright economic future caused a rally on Wall Street. Yeah. And then like two weeks later you get, oh, it's looking grim again, folks. We're all fickle. Does it happen every two weeks? Like, can't you get a big picture on the economy? Look at it and go, it's good, it will be good for a few months to come. But there's a lot of people out there that day trade and they ride the highs and the lows and that's how they make their money. Yeah, but the market takes the big dumps and big gains on rumor at least, or news of the economy. Right. Being good or bad or heading toward good or bad. So how could it change every other day, these people are like, oh, mounting concerns, oh, low earnings, oh boy, it's looking grim inflation, oh boy, interest rate, and then two days later, it's the same things, but they're good. Everything's rosy. And that's why everything went up. Now, how did Infinity Broadcasting do? Because there's a lot of rumors about any W. Did that affect the stock price today, Anthony? Last I checked, it was down. It was down, okay. Yes, yes, make, oh, but, oh. You think that's because of us? I think it plummeted after the Hillary Chelsea Africa bet. Man, that's a great bet. I want to hear that again already. Don't worry, no, in our show, we'll play another four times this week. Wow, yeah, like MTV over here. All right, listen, we got to get a Dave Matthews ticket winner. Yes. Dave Matthews playing a special show for us tomorrow with Ralph Titora at a secret location. I know the place too. Now, that would really piss off a lot of people though. No. Uh-oh. Oh, oh, oh, what the, why is the boss in here? Hi, boss. Oh my God, bye people, bye. He doesn't have a baseball bat, so I think we're okay. He was on earlier. Mr. Herman, how are you? Hey, guys. We like to call him the big boss man. Good, good. Did you hear him? Well, he walks in, I get scared and stuff like that. Why do you get scared? You know. The Opium Anthony program will no longer be heard in this time slot. I am armed with cassettes and phone messages. What could I? Oh really? Cassettes of what, our show? That people mail you and- As a matter of fact, yes. Point out little things that we've done and- You got to talk into the mic. There we go. Hi. What's the latest complaint? We just got through a nasty complaint and we're safe, right? I hope so. We won't say which one. Yes. We made it through that one, unscathed? Okay. What's the latest- Meow. The latest one is we have to make sure that we're doing the stacker commercials. Yeah. Okay. That we mention their slogan. Yeah. Which is the world's strongest fat burner. Right. And that we just treat the client very nicely. Oh yeah, we love stacker. We have been. Opi's been taking stacker too. Look at him. And it has helped me. He's a lean, mean, fighting machine. I- That's the first that comes to mind when I think of him. They don't like the drug references that we've made in the past. Okay. Oh, they were done in jest. No, no, no, I know that. I know that. But you know. It's called kidding. I know, but you know what? These people are buying time. I mean- Okay. All right. The comedy portion is when people are not paying for it. Okay? We have the comedy portion. You pay for the comedy portion. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. So what's the tape? Yeah. Is the tape, that looks like a tape of our show, saying something bad? No. As a matter of fact, it's fine. Oh, okay. But you know. Did you hear our last bit? There are times that I can't be at the radio. You know? And I have things taped and I listen to it when I go home. So I could just- Was the tape rolling on the Chelsea Hillary in Africa bit we just played? No. Oh, good. We didn't play it. We don't even have one. You may be getting some calls on that tomorrow. Well, no, it's that good. It's that double entendre humor that you told us to work on. It's a cute little bit. This guy, Mandingo, teaches her how to use a blow gun. Maybe we want to move to triple entendre. Triple entendre with our first- Triple entendre. That way no one understands. Right. All right, so you didn't hear that bit. That's good. All right, good. You'll have a happy drive home then. For once. Any other news there? Um, no. Reporters calling about the story in the Daily News? Yeah, they are. And you know what? It's, I mean, rumors are rumors. I mean, we talked about this earlier. Who starts rumors? Other stations. Exactly. Other stations, boss. Other stations, right? I mean, all radio stations are always looking for, you know, things they should be doing to get more listeners, to get more listening. True. You know? Oh, okay. I mean, but, you know, Jesus. I mean, I get nervous when I think, the only thing you really know about the newspaper is like your business. Right. And when you know how poorly things are written about your business, doesn't it get you to worry about- Fine, no. It's like when you're reading about the war in Yugoslavia, whether they could possibly be right about that. I know, it's halfway around the world. We don't know from a hole in the wall what the actual facts are. Yeah, when they write stuff about you, you're like, wait a minute, that's not true. That's not true. But no one's going to believe me. Yeah. So. But we're allowed to talk more, right? Sure. Absolutely. Yeah, talk more and play in that great rock. See? We played six songs today. All day? Yeah. So far, was it not? See, that's where rumors come from. That's how that crap gets to the paper. Well, who wants to hear a sticks too for, Jesus. We got a Chelsea and Hillary bit to get to. Now see, now the music department's going to get all upset. I'll get them, I'll get them, boss. Opie, that's not productive. It does you or the station no good to downplay the music. What you do is good, but the music also helps to, could you shut me up? Could you throw something at my head? Very good, Anthony. That was full into the idle bitching. No, I think that's the fake remorse. Can we play a couple of songs that we dig tomorrow? I mean, really dig? I want to play like God's Mac. God's Mac's good. I want to play Rob Zombie. There's no one. Living Dead Girl. God, that song rocks. Would that make you happy? Yeah. Tomorrow, can we play a couple of our faves? Just as a goof? Sure. Is Gary still gone? Gary will be back tomorrow. Ah, damn. I want to play whatever by God's Mac. My new favorite song. Is the language okay or am I approving something that I'm not approving? We'll get the radio edit. No, the God's Mac whatever is one of the hottest songs in the country right now. Okay. We'll get the radio edit though. We can find that. And then Anthony wants to play a couple. Living Dead Girl, yeah. Living Dead Girl would be cool. I mean, I like the doors and stuff. Okay, now we've just gone from can I play one? I want to play a few and Anthony wants to play a couple. Come on. Next thing you know we have anarchy and another article in the paper. Ha ha ha.