 the rock of new york one of the seven w a double-d two-per-tuesday metodica from garage a whiskey in the jar and hero of the day before that couple from then hale to get the show rolling today so being anthony only how are you brother may and what is we got a lot to do today yes we do as they had all the members of the tuesday night on the club dining gotta say hi to everyone's gonna try to join the club tonight as we speak yes for the past fifteen minutes or so you uh... can be inducted yes couple people have already called to get inducted as uh... metallica was playing what a happy day tuesdays are and and and that's uh... it's gorgeous out it's nice the last blast of winter is a part of the you know past us now and now we can go to the spring let's look at these temperatures coming up a lot of the five-day forecast for you a little later in the broadcast can i have the weather at one one clip they don't give you the weather anymore they tell you uh... by a little less knowing out last night i'll tell you today's weather later in the broadcast and it comes back today at and to be partly cloudy fifty degrees one of the five day a little while later the broadcast and i will have you wake up for cash after this from the weather you know the weather geeks they're useless first of all they act like they're big t v stars and stuff their job is the easiest job in broadcasting you know and for they they don't need to spend five to seven minutes telling the weather all they need to tell you is tomorrow sunny high of fifty two boom that's all you need to know and said you don't need to do a flyover starting in fire i love that one fly up the coast you know i have to get these clouds all scary yet a big hole in the in the midsection of the united states of america has just tell me if i need an umbrella tomorrow you know i like i like uh... to know what the weather is going to be for the day plus i like the graphic of the five-day forecast and that's all you need to know i don't need any guy you low-pressure system parametric pressure and uh... there don't care just give me the facts and move on they don't need to tell you what the weather was like today we already live through it so we were cool footage of police shootings and chases and i don't get a rise fun stuff to watch i think they can easily just go here's the weather and just show the five-day forecast and that's all you would really need to know yes that's how we stand on the issue but i read joe fisher in the rest of the half the look important throughout a breath running to the the the weather map and stuff i was just in now we're looking at some computer models of this storm working its way up the coast it could do on any of a number of things i could do that and i had a some i'm not there you go well a little later on in the show is we're getting the audio together yes we got to talk about that he should be a show last night it was uh... called uh... private decks right private decks a bunch of guys sitting around naked talking about their uh... their swans talking it was an in-depth discussion by men by nude men about their penises that was the show so after uh... rise war we have we turn it in and the phone rings at eleven twenty no one calls me eleven twenty night i'm like it's got to be at the date so i pick up the phone and you're not even talking like i was wrong and that's dying well as a funny very funny yeah so we'll get into that discussion a little later cuz we got some great uh... audio clips from the show yeah bring to you guys just in case you missed it last night whether stereotypes and just uh... holding them up every time the i think a stereotype is going to be knocked down because we're past it they showed the the asian guys on this show the penis show talking about their small penis and then they show the black guys one of which was talking about how he's got a watch he doesn't in here the girl these went yeah because he's huge uh... what about the guy with the thirteen-and-a-half-inch earth yeah yes standing there completely new to hanging down to his knee practically and he had such a big swarm that uh... other people have big swans want to show them how big their darkened it's like a whole thing that he get the as going on and he said he's never seen one bigger because i guess his friends bragging say look man my body has the biggest one in the united states or if you've got a brag about your friend having a lot of it then you know how guys are you know then you'd you try to get challenges and stuff and no one can beat this guy they even said i need to go last night if uh... someone has a fifteen-inch or i don't want to see it uh... used that is kind of a bad show cuz i'm watching it with my wife and you don't want it you know i'm have her see that so who that's out there hey look at what we look out there yeah but the old guy with the two-inch or made us all feel good yeah yeah i worry about that and i was feeling pretty good about myself about that guy the guy he's naked he's one fifty eight years old i believe yeah completely naked well had short time and he's smoking a tiny little almost like a white house cigar and that is describing that his uh... swan is half the size of the cigar he's not in the size pathetic and we got some great audio that guy would play later on he was a sad sort wasn't it and he told a story about uh... he was with this girl for the first time he decided to go for it and uh... she saw him naked and she starts laughing hysterically yeah it's pretty funny pretty sad ralph you missed a good one last night i said no about this at all out of curiosity uh... big guy did talk about his sexual uh... experiences at all none of the guy would pass out if you ever tried to get an arrest of what the rain on the runway now you really talk about is more like you know he he just likes to brag about any tells how much everyone that he's got the thirteen and a half inches and someone emailed us late the show yesterday and said that they know that guy it's a friend really so if that guy's listening please call us up and we get on the show and what about rick said in the in the office earlier because we all watched it so it would talk about the show and uh... there were some uh... real heinous guys on there you know big fat guys and stuff well i'm not paraplegic out in a wheelchair yeah just couple masses so rick says he has got to watch in that show and uh... you know what i want to have to have such skanky guys you know it but when you even said it would be it would have been better if there was some good-looking i mean i didn't say that in first good-looking i have a bad more attractive and i don't know no i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know as well i don't know i want to explain his himself out of this one there is a very good here's a little rick they're talking about ralph right right right right so anyhow my name is ralph and i don't know now what i said it was it was so it was so disturbing to watch is cuz you know at least you know they should use better looking guys could be right they used were so you know i don't know that i don't know again but does it matter saying well yeah i think it's just naked guys and i want to watch on screen i'm not thinking how it could be better down the line where i think that i think you got a wish you was high yeah yeah what do you want to get jib and dales model with the huge units anyway i am saying with you there in his own hand i'm saying because this makes sense to me that if the guys were better looking you could look at their face and not worry about going to a little bit well yeah i mean i i don't have to look at the other matter i can't count your comment you're going to there's no saving this one and i'm just saying because uh... let's face it the gap one i was an asian guy i mean he had like long scraggly hair and he's good and look at all what a mess this guy you know i don't know what i'm i said bobby a looking guy with and i don't think it to me i'm sitting watching a man jan and i'm watching and it didn't occur to me boy this would be better with some hot guy i don't know what you were really thinking and i'm just thinking you would be it would be easier to do actually all right now if you're looking hot guys with a very huge unit of these guys are such a mess so i'm just saying i'm going to play with a little bit of a chicken that they are really concerned with the female contingent and i'm sitting next to my fiance she's like this is the only thing i want to be honest and i like it here uh... there's no way to dig yourself out of what you know i'm just saying what the head of well you know because i'm sitting there watching the htp of special and i'm already feeling weird because i'm looking at naked guys but it never right cross my mind like while this would be better if the guys were exactly well i don't know where because i'm looking at slugs it never crossed my mind to tape it like anthony did so i can watch it in a later date again oh yeah yeah i got me with that one oh-ho-ho-ho i just happened to bring it in so we could take clips off of it you would think the producer would tape it if we want clips for the show you know what you want to keep your copy at home hi what do you got hi i'm calling in about their little comment about the lfm exposed and i totally agree with them where they said that it would have been a lot better if they had better than that well but i'm a girl but it was for women wasn't it yeah but rick is i don't know why rick wanted to see how the guys i had a guy it was maybe maybe he got away like i know i mean i can understand the lady saying that go well i wish the guys were hotter or like chipping down as whatever but this is coming from a guy and i doesn't think that way when he's looking at a naked guy i'm watching that whole bunch of guys on their interplay you know big and smaller penises and what really made me laugh is most of these guys out there were intimate they weren't even in the ladies now when i'm watching that mess in the wheelchair or the the fat old guy that has to pump it up with a little with a little airbag in his sack i'm not going playfully you know he's like that but i was comparing his little cigar that he was not in the event that mall he's going to be in the air we got his audio will play the little a very pathetic right but thanks for calling thank you all right by all i'm saying of the earth was done would have been easier to watch because i had to watch it for sure i'll be right now is it easier to watch it's the same difficulty degree of difficulty if it's a mess or it's like what is considered a hot guy for a guy sitting watching the same thing thank you it doesn't matter if it's a hot a hot guy i can't believe you're saying to do with that i had no idea i never said the word hot guy never said and then you're looking for two faces all right now and just back back at all yet punch out punch out you can discuss this for two hours is just gonna get worse for you you're going in there's no landing this craft of the wings are shot off it's in flames punch out i'm marks back to the strike from trying to march back in the studio is get all the clips from our guys so that will play a few of those we got lots of their just getting started here now you're done on the fire i'm turning my golf is to save you just take a good thing you turned it off with his got it in his mouth now the right of new york one oh two seven w a w two for tuesday with uh... zeppelin on the way we got a couple from the clash it's open anthony day man trying to come down a little bit here well uh... hoping uh... i didn't even uh... address this but and you should get some washer fluid your windshield in this type of weather you uh... you drove today yes i did it's one of those days where the snow is melting very warm gets on the roads the salty roads and the spray comes up on the windshield and you can see anything and uh... if there's not enough liquid or if it remains on your windshield too long it dries you hit your wife or what happens to smears and you can see through it the app laid out on your windshield well i had some uh... wiper fluid when we started the right in today yes and then i ran out halfway through and then you got to play that little game with the other cars in the highway yeah because now that my windshield is smeared and i thought so i speed up to the car in front of me because they're splashes and water up onto my windshield and my windshields clear again and i have to back off so don't get too much sprinkles on my own windshield and there's that little thing you got it you got to decide is there enough liquid on the windshield to clear it off or is it going to smear it or it right now that looks like an outfit that quack and i can i need more one who had been the bottle and then you got a lot i know there are there are times i've taken the snow off the top of my car and thrown it on my windshield as you drive in uh... any beverage you might have i've used up at c in the past it's worse at night because i mean at night if if your windshield is that you might as well drive to the through kaleidoscope mhm so it looks like you just see a thousand taillights so you throw in the pepsi and i a s speed just trying to get enough liquid on your windshield by the way i was the lazy guy today to that uh... i didn't brush off the top of my car i noticed and where we live we got almost a foot of snow yeah a lot of people in the city area do really get as much jersey got a lot but uh... long island a lot of the north shore yeah and uh... i was the lazy guy just driving down the l i a with almost a foot of snow the top of my car i just heard things cracking off of your car and flying i'm looking in the mirror to see if things flying through the air i was that guy today guys and get behind a tractor trailer that hits a bomb and that sheet of ice will fly off the the back of it you just hear it and what do you think when you see that and then you go and at first it's and i'll look at that that's getting some altitude yet look at that it's coming right for me and i don't think that this is your windshield and then you're happy or water yeah you know if you can i think we don't play with you and and and and and and and and and and and and uh... this crap is just about over though you know we didn't really get that hit that that we didn't get any real ice where you had to get out there and scrape with your uh... cassette case if you don't have a an ice cream i was laughing at all the people because when we were getting to the highway today there were a bunch of people of shovel their driveways and stuff what bother don't bother to be like sixty tomorrow this does can be done by friday melted melted probably by tomorrow most of it don't you worry but there are people out there shoveling their driveways and stuff yet i think people enjoy doing that you think and shoveled driveway i think the boss is finally leaving is he good day has jacket on his walking down the hall so no sniffling stays talking about i was feverish and he's got the flu and he's sick spent like a month now well i think a lot of people who related work to get the boss or someone that's taking the coming to work it's like don't come into work again when i was sick all the dissent uh... of you i don't my throat i'm sick well that's what the boss did doesn't come in and i say uh... you guys got a few minutes and before he said that he goes i got the flu and he's like wiping his flee on and on his nose and he's sniffling in coffin my mom meeting with you unless you get the the boy in the plastic bubble suit the box in the plastic ball and boss in the plastic bubble you get the judge will pass it will meet with you it justin that's the big bubble in his office and that is like and they like no guys in series and he talked to you for a few minutes and and i'm like yeah i'm serious too hopes cover in his mouth for the shirt well do you blame me no someone's like sneezes a hundred yards from me i get sick don't need the boss like wiping snot all over his hand and he should go home they want to shake our hand and stuff for some time dot on your now you know i was infested of course he is stay in the office shut the door and just hold up notes at the window homos in parade tomorrow they're screwing it up high-end w and what's up on how are you know what's going on all right we gotta send a message what's the uh... what's the problem sir we gotta keep the fed to wait for a tomorrow this is your crops of every year doesn't have come on it's such a pain i march every year yeah every year it same old crap well what uh... what group are you part of i'm part of the emerald society okay here's the deal i don't really care if if you're gay all right that's that's the guys i was just not being done all right listen listen listen but i honestly strongly feel that they should not march in the saint patty's state parade it has nothing to do with that no as as a gay group as a gay group if you're a gay guy and you play the bagpipes or something like that you know i don't mean that in a pun type if you play the bagpipes you know getting you get in there as a group and you're a gay guy uh... part of a group as a human as an irishman maybe marching in the parade you don't march you know with uh... the transvestite uh... stockings on city you can't do it the uh... g-string and that i'm trolling they think saint patrick parade well i mean but getting back to it i just don't think uh... there should be a bunch of people that are marching just as they are gay it but it's not just that it's they want to get they have to mess they have to you know get involved by creating all the problems in you know if they cut in as a as a regular organization and it eventually we let the march then that's one thing you know what we should know testing and all right well we got your point but no we should do that we've been it's too late now we should got a bunch of guys together that love lesbians we should have got a bunch of guys that love lesbians will get a nice banner will march in the parade was the difference that's not a prize for less it's a group of guys that love lesbians and we're going to march in the parade who love levin's more than that there you go so beautiful place so we should have got a hundred of us together you know we could have been all drunk and stuff got a banner and when we're in the parade to what difference you know what it's a sexual preference thing but you know how stupid they are what's the worst thing that can happen to a queer we have got a bunch of drunken irishman all of us got to get a good beat all my god look at this guy just advocating violence i'm not advocating it but it does happen and hey if you know you are doomed as a society man we are friggin doomed as a society not a beautiful thing i don't agree with that it can't be beating people because of their ideas because i don't like it i think people because they have to try to stop the parade now that isn't why you want to go running in front of everybody on your camera you're beating them because as you say are their fags well i don't think you should beat anybody if you have a problem with them take it up by uh... with through a discussion and intelligent uh... debate and that would have happened if i think you that they want to smoke the meat pipe they say no right and i don't know if you're with this guy come on is out you know i think that that the flamboyant gays ruin it for uh... gays that are uh... an integral part of society that one march in parades because if you're a guy and you want to take your kid to the parade you want to see a parade you want to see you know the bands walk by in the fire trucks and fun stuff like that you don't want to see a transvestite with his thing hanging out and g-strings and guys making out in and stop it in the street that's what ruins the whole thing that's what people don't like yeah yeah hey son look what's the break and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and then what are those two guys don't that doesn't look like a bagpipe to the the the uh... we don't advocate beating gays some kind of course i mean that's obvious obviously we could be outrageous and say we do but that's just ridiculous you know what it is that unfortunately there there are people out there that uh... better like that you know what what can you say all right anthony stacker to up one stuttered so you're faking i'm really on the stuff again time because i i worked out now feel tired little lethargic so i popped another stacker to it's like drinking a pot of coffee but it really is made with uh... caffeinated water i'm up and about and very alert and uh... full of energy espresso in a tablet i just hope this stuff is healthy i don't know anything about it but uh... it personally write the f up well that's what it does in uh... forty five minutes yes lying it's an energy boosted also uh... burns fat that's what they tell us anyway i think from that i could i can confirm it gives you a little boost little energy right uh... the companies in new jersey city get this stuff in two days all you have to do is give a call one eight hundred light line that's one eight hundred l i t e line and if you're not satisfied with the products if it doesn't give you energy and burn fat uh... they will give you your money back and nothing to lose money back guarantee it's not the way the rag in new york one oh two seven w a w two for tuesday with the clash this is radio clash in london calling it's open and then i think everybody wants to talk about the htl special from last night yeah so i guess we can do uh... a little more that for you know people watch that i guess it was disturbing it really was that there was a did we learn anything last night now the ladies learn anything because maybe the ladies did i don't know i think it's uh... any guy watching just yelling and i've owned one for quite a while and uh... pretty much no i how works if you're just turning in the htl did a whole show with the function guys most of them naked talking about their uh... slugs yeah you know what they uh... use it for how they use it how they feel about it and that's and weird we got some great audio clips for listed quick uh... couple calls here yet what do you have is open at the end of the year you guys are pretty good but the homos i can't believe i can't with the record that he's describing the guy that the battle at the end i want to think that's which over from w w f and i think that all my keepers get it turned off from the field thing like you know what it's just really not to me the fact that the uh... it doesn't make it discussed that on july one you know how it works you know it looks like did not get secret no order manually didn't get right what we're hoping to learn from the working-time fact i talked about it not it's going to make for some great radio today he had a reason i watched and that's the guys i was true of the and the call me three times a laugh our asses off by even uh... let me tell you finished watching ross war which ran till i'm getting eleven oh five yeah right so you know i wasn't only let me go to the weenie show uh... i like you know i i i put it on like well it is pretty disturbing but i want to do is kind of like a freak show it was kind of funny listen to that fifty eight-year-old guy talk about how small is that penis was right now more for their a b the document like you know how it up and down and all that other stuff yeah those are my favorite but what i can get my favorite what the step one to do with the guy's just couldn't do it and and i don't know how to do it too get it out of there what's rich excuse man's place and what he had to get it uh... and well that's the problem rica earlier said that he was the guys were kinda harder and and and they can work absolutely and i admitted yes we are looking at making guys talk about their swans but that's where it ended rick went a little further and decided that uh... it would have been a better special of the guys weren't what messes it could have been on naked gorilla sitting there or a chipmunk male dancer to me it didn't matter you just sit there gone to you know he's a the naked guys there for some reason rick has a different that you know he likes whether they're a hot or not i don't know and i don't think we're alone today i think a lot of guys checked out that special some as a good some as maybe checking out a free show maybe some to be educated i don't know some to be turned on let's get a woman's point of view here hello i was there's other credit by chris we got well they're talking about that that's why i have to watch it when playing and i really understand what they were trying to prove but and it was just a few trying to be a little uh... shocking every party yeah i mean i think that you may even die and he was naked i don't know that would be more and of course it was yeah a lot of stereotypes and then they had that that that black right who was out the guy just sit on the green and i mean it doesn't have a share with his legs spread out the guy just sitting on the chair with his legs from the park well not only that they guys listening to the radio and on the radio that's on but you know i went into handouts and i want to go with my boyfriend because we like money to be out there and i like really and i like well and i like depending down you know this guy he's probably what i thought one of our company act waiting for them to get down they didn't and there was that one night who who what he did we would call it a bit of a yes i think that's how it gets really big and i think that's a pretty clear all that you know that you know that the people at the end of the fact that i think that they're going to be strong yet it was one guy that i a t had some doctor tell him how to make it longer any of the money and he said we are the day i think that's a good thing but the weights on it he said he hangs weights from it to have a poll and then he stands up and it just kind of and i go on there so that uh... with the political i think that i i i don't know what that was that guy's whole life was about his uh... shween uh... it was really into it alia and the guy with the little one the old guy with the little of the one of the poor guy about that but i think everybody else feel good about his whole again was that he was just this bitter guy and he's trying to justify how girls really like the little ones and how it doesn't matter size doesn't matter anything that that one point when he provided to give me a little idea what the lights out because he's ashamed well we got that could be a play in a while but i'll get you know that well what have you been with uh... few guys in your career and a few guys you know have you been with a number of uh... gentleman during your so i a a this morning about small guy and was it kind of funny alba i go on she got from the old to that work hold on and she's she's gone anyway we got to know if uh... she left yeah sure she did we got some audio from the show last night and uh... we got uh... we got that what was your doctor a slang expert he was some kind of professor of slang yeah and slaying encyclopedia or some that and he was talking about uh... names that people give their swans the slang terms for the yes we need us let's take a look at this people reason slaying terms for the penis in charles's time in shakespeare there examples common ones like go back to the seventeenth century this is was very common in the nineteenth century one-eyed wonderworm or trouser trout or personal favorite purple helmet love warrior hot beef injection for the sex act venus maximus and these are ones that people use seriously don't go around talking about it that way on but you make jokes about it it's funny to refer to it that way because you know that's one way to diffuse its impact the guy was telling everyone this with a serious may be an all serious and like shut up here with the same you start making those names up when you're in the second grade he's he's made a career of it not under w any double you dot com it's all from killian's i'd issue and feel all official beer of saint patrick's day well to send out the way that we are going to be our two-per-tuesday with the stones monkey man and hang fire you're hanging with open Anthony maggie on the instant feedback from jersey rights uh... please tell us again where you guys are going to be tomorrow afternoon i'm going to the parade i want to stop by and see you guys in action well broadcast live tomorrow we have a little on that we haven't been out since the famous valentine's day celebration yeah member that one baby and we're going to try to out to ourselves tomorrow at the bar that yes that's uh... what fifty-seventh between eight and ninth right broadcasting from three to seven we want to see everyone out there live come down make some noise have fun saint patty's day a lot of people around the building are scared they want to know what we're going to be doing at this broadcast more than everybody's coming up saying uh... we we need a pop plan like they want something planned out and written down and you know we we were and the wake up pretty much again plan for valentine's day you know who's going to be on who's coming what they're going to be doing everyone needs this organization think i'm sure a lot of our freaks will show up and stuff but we don't have much of a plan because i think tomorrow most people are going to be just hammered yeah here is a little star the show tomorrow's and patty's day welcome cool stuff to give away and will play some little wacky game or something you know come on and we don't need a plan for everything and we got a couple tricks up our sleeve and i don't worry about it's a no right don't you worry all right to get nervous around here unless you have write everything down it's a letter of intent or something you say that with the boss right next to you it's a problem now i'm not talking about you know the big boss man i would use that one well not you know you know people that work on like you but not you but i've been required to write anything down on those say that's why me not you you know i think it's got to get the better at we've been we've never had a problem with you nascar let us just kissing your ass we've uh... we've had a good relationship thus far that's a pretty consistent that'll change up now scott's really good to last night when i was battling with seven-year-old about allowance then i was really that were gone uh... what the fire for me he's still getting a bucket he's still getting a buck you're not your top we had a scott son in here yesterday seven years old greg seven years old and we found out that he only gets a dollar allowance dollar a week but he said it we have somebody does and he said uh... nothing now for a kid to even say that hey even if if you were to you did nothing you would try to make something up and well i am put my shoes in the closet i keep my room need yet but he said something sunday morning like six a m and i'm laying in bed understood that my eyes have opened i hear the door and the aid or not our adult i a door creek open here uh... uh... expiry raising to the computer downstairs to get on the get to play games before his brother and sister wake up so that's what he's getting up early for to play and they got a share computer at your house yeah i'm not really should get a computer for everybody but you know just simple better being a bit nobody would talk at all right nobody's how are you need some kind of communication but it's better the kids are on the computer than in front of the tv like we had only grown up the last thing is tough and you never quite know but my oldest we had to keep giving you more money so we have more money to take away from him we did things were a bit but you know five bucks in every week you like always two dollars i gave him eight as they feel like he was losing money just kept getting bigger but i'm not so the money he figured it out he figured out that but the more he misbehaves the more money he gets what is the right amount well more than a block come on he's not going to go is not like going out to the movies but i think it needs money in his pocket is so good to his friends you know and my daughter likes a money mission eleven now yeah she likes eighty dollars saved up election goes to happen loses the whole causes it was one of the tracks with the one on the summer i was you lost it lost it to do that's bad that's that must be really upset uh... why should replace the said you did that's a good pair of the guy i can't read on the same thing what replaces and i got my day you were responsible as i remember being twelve years old and i was a caddy and i made like forty bucks in one day and i was just loving life and i lost money on the way home in my parents uh... help you know went around uh... the golf course with me trying to find the money and then when we can find it uh... they replaced it man uh... that's cool spoiled for act that's that's what you do i am spoiled brat worked my ass off it was in a way i'm watching people play golf as a twelve-year-old in yelled at the top of the one in front they have it you're going to be sure that i was yeah well now is we understand why your kid on the kids and i don't know what uh... we should all consistent there was no surprise that they say he doesn't have somebody taken ten percent of it they were in a different to negotiate his allowances that we use people who anyone else would be our agent that it's time to make a sweat uh... well uh... anything else on upstairs boss here number of reforms of required emails been really really great with the top story today on ten ten wins again reason patrick's day though yes big in new york warmer weather coming in slow-mo stay here so that i felt very yes fire is that a good movie like that you know what decision it is too soon this is a waste of a season you can do it you can't fire any code is that injured uh... look at that team i mean they have an unbelievable team on paper right a lot of the guys are hurt there must be something else there do you think they can fire van gunn the like to say i hope i think they're going to great i think they fire and so they bring on jackson in next year so what out of doubt jackson is coaching somewhere next year to the new york with an x or maybe the next he played for the next i think for a year or two until jackson played for the next but the beginning of the end of his career play your own right that i don't remember that i just remember him playing with bradley and the bush your information then he was a nick for life but i think at the very end of his career i think maybe played a year for the next i'm surprised the phones are a solution of the other equipment to build on the studio the chicken research library all right yet but the emails been great i think people like it well don't get carried away well we'd like that as well as the well as the incident all the boys really good that allows me his wife must be on food stamps and uh... again she's rations government's government's that he does and that you know what i think the fact number was from anthony's office uh... that he's on to make i got a delete that we've asked all our uh... faithful listeners to send in feedback about show and we've already every single one of them there's no way we'll be able to write everyone back but uh... we're gonna get idea what you guys are into where a good team on paper uh... just a minute yet all right we are more to come by did you see the htl dick special yesterday was called private uh... dicks now that was the name of the show and it was about uh... guys sitting there naked talking about their phones yeah things amazing just amazing that they they even have that hb l that's entertainment and what you could just be dialing around the channel and he had a spiel it's not like you got a flip a switch in turn dials and tune in shortwave so like any kid could go around and boom full frontal nudity you know there was a nice ideas under the guise of this kind of uh... education educational sociology kind of thing you know so uh... to get away with it we got more audio from the show will play that matterful frontal uh... male nudity on television wants to see that the right to be a good one to seven w any w tuesday r e m lotus from up and what's the frequency canada so being at the on the way we got some uh... tuesday macy dc stay right there and a lot of people asking for a lord com over today and today warred calm over character made it since his debut on the show yesterday the evil mayor of the the empire yet uh... we got a replay that from yesterday yeah if you miss lord com over i'll be uh... little after five i guess it's uh... it's pretty different i thought point we got think one of our faithful listeners i think david the city came up with the name lord com over and then anthony took it to the next level yeah yeah i think it fits uh... mayor nearly definitely little pictures of uh... x mayor there are dinkins can can busted and we think that civil disobedience near and it's kind of uh... you know a little uh... publicity thing it's kind of cute and i i think when people want to you know make a statement and they get um... you know rested yeah they should really thrown in the joint with the boys yes just kind of a technicality and not the cute like all you got arrested all you got handcuffed for ten you know minutes and then they released yet they can visit strip and cops not even a ten ones you know if you can go the distance you know that they should just roll you with the boys in the yard for a day just sweat it out yeah you know sure i want to get arrested it's not that scary justin dinkins being someone's be arch in the joint in the joint women like yours so you know selling for some smokes or something i mean once we're exciting instead of life all the news organizations ruled that dinkins got arrested while looking to handcuffs after five minutes in the news back on the street was no big deal now being asked some questions like nothing would be five feet had some good stories by was in there i uh... nearly got shanked in the yard a nearly got shanked um... i was someone's bitch yes i was uh... i was a bitch well we have to play more the audio from the hb of our show from last night uh... private decks yeah private decks this is just uh... uh... the huge thing for the ladies i think because uh... there's not usually full frontal male nudity on television t h b o but i mean it's accessible everybody pretty much when you ladies to call in if they saw the show last night we want to get your point of view because it's a guy i think it was a complete waste of time yeah i mean they're not teaching us anything now no now i want to see if the ladies learned anything i know jennifer was uh... cracking up after most of it it's pretty funny and then she's asking me like i know these little insights today uh... we uh... when she was rewinding the tape so i could bring in and we can get some sound off of it so she goes by this one part where this guy stands up kinda grabs his thing swings it around once and then like like flops it between his uh... bodies and she goes but wait a minute wait she rewinds it goes watch this watch and watch it come on the computer i'm not paying attention because it was this black what so he does it again she's now what is that why don't know what she's you know i have an answer i all that's the uh... the spin and floppy every guy does it and you learn it at the six years old the spin and flop the only move i know is i could you know make it look like a turtle and do the check thing yes stick it down and you put your legs together and i uh... uh... given for your life no the the the the the kidding whatever uh... alright uh... we got some great audio to play here uh... uh... we got to the condom thing yeah pretty good i do you want to you want uh... the audio of the the slang expert or that real weird fifties uh... educational voice educational voice anyone to start with that i'd explain this real fast as a lot of people out there didn't see this last night well they were explaining uh... condom use and uh... they must have dug up this clip from the soul fifties hygiene and uh... uh... one of those films you ever see those old fifties films and they're not really realistic the people in the white beaver cleaver and stuff and talking about the penis well this one was because i was for robbers and uh... how not to catch communicable diseases i'm assuming they'd played this in the fifties in health class yet it's look like one of those health films i checked this out something between you and the james of an aerial disease by using a good rubber related with a review with a point until the rubber is fully extended maybe further by filling it with water and noting if any losing when you are through and roll the rubber if the woman has gone a real or syphilis as she probably has there will be millions of the james on the rubber and on the surfaces surrounding the penis as she probably has both is that all about i've fell on the floor laughing when i heard that line and he probably has uh... but the hell is that that's not very nice no not i guess they figure any girl having sex has a disease yeah you know anyone else is your wife and uh... as bizarre and then we got a little in here by any doubt hi hi you saw the show last night i was so appalled by tonight where you are i want to let me with my boyfriend and i thought it was like anybody like taxicab confessions yeah it was so disgusting we had to turn it off i could not believe it there was like so many all people on that show it was really growth yet well well they're not going to get a many many other people are just going to get me if it was pretty much gay guys and old people but they had that one guy that was the point of party but i'm not so what does he care i know but i just thought it was a really really bad i couldn't believe that they actually would tell me to be able to you know it is see this just goes to show ladies to you know we put pictures up on the website of girls naked girls we always get a ton of phone calls from girls gone why don't you do something for the ladies why don't you do something like let me explain something but i got ready to know that let me let me explain something guys can look at naked women don't have to know and they don't even have to look all that hot doesn't matter we can look we can enjoy women have to be in a relationship with the guy or the guy has to be in the donnis for them to glance at the penis and think it's attractive because most of the girls think it's a nice with good right it is fairly possible All right, I got the audio of the guy with the two-incher. This is pretty bad. This is pretty damn sad. All right, thanks for calling in. Thank you. All right. Yeah, this guy, he was the star of the show. He was 58 years old. Just a mess. He was naked. He had shorts on though, right? Yeah. And he was talking about how small his thing was and he had almost like a whiteout cigar. So a little bigger. Cigurellos. Yeah, a ciggarello. And he said that the size of his thing is half the size of the cigar he was smoking. So here's the audio of the guy with the two-incher. My penis is about half the size of this cigar when it's erect and it's rather tiny. Thank you. I'm glad to have you. What an ending. The Rock of New York, one of the seven W&W ACDC and the Jack from High Voltage. Hope you had a great time hanging with you. Having a lot of fun. You guys are a pisser. A lot of great instant feedback coming in. Yeah, I got one. Let's see. R.J. and Pat in Sussex. They want to know what happened to the three-breasted chick that was supposed to show up in the studio for a photo shoot. I think we got had on that one. Yeah, we definitely got had. I don't know though because there is a possibility that we scared her off because we really started abusing her and the listeners really started losing it. We had this girl on that swore she had three breasts. She had two D's and a B in the middle. Now I want to go on record as saying when she called, I said I thought it was fake. I was very skeptical because breasts don't grow like that. One on each side and one in the middle. People with three breasts or four breasts, it's lined down the side below the existing breasts like if you ever see a dog, right? How they have their little nips. They're in a line straight down. But we did have a medical expert that said it had some dopey girl call up and say that. I still say there is no way a breast could grow between another breast. If a girl shows up here with a boob in the middle of two boobs, I will give her a hundred bucks on the spot. You should give her like a thousand. No, I'll just give her two hundred. Two hundred. Two hundred, but it's got to be a real breast in the middle. Not a zit, not a mole, not a nip. I'm talking a breast. What if she has, it's just a nip, but it's obvious it's a nip in the middle. Obvious a nip? No, there's got to be something, because you could say a birthmark's a nip. Look, it's a nip. Say, no, that's a birthmark. It's a nip. No, it's got to be a nip. What if it's an obvious nipple? All right, if we get enough people, we've got to have a panel of judges that can look at it and say, yes, that is indeed a nip. In the middle of two normal breasts. Right. In the middle. Yeah. Not offset to underneath the boob. Well, we've had a lot of email on that. And I guess we've been had, but I don't know. She was supposed to come down, but then the listeners started just going nuts and abusing her. And part of me thought that maybe she just got scared off. You can't have a breast on the same horizontal plane as the other boobs. Well, I'd like to think that it's possible. I saw it on Total Recall. Remember the little fidget girl with the three boobs? Yeah, of course. Was that great? Well, a lot of jokes about that, what she called that. Yeah. Now, where was this other one about? Jim. Yeah, Jim from Jersey. Okay. I just heard you mention, did you ever do that girl thing about ten minutes ago? You know, where you take your unit, your package, all of the jewels and kind of put it between your thighs and cross your legs so there's nothing there. And he says, no offense, but I thought it was known as the silence of the lamb thing. That's good. Remember that? It puts the lotion in the basket or gets the hose again. Or gets the hose again. It puts the lotion in the basket or gets the hose again. Was that disturbing? Oh. All right. Pretty nasty. Well, a lot of people have been requesting Lord Combover today. Lord Combover. This really just came out of nowhere, but it's self-explanatory. 1027W, NAW, the Rock of New York. Days of the New, two for Tuesday, shelf in the room and touch, peel and stand. Taking a little music break there, Sophie and Anthony. I want to smack these people with the personal assistant things, those little handheld things like the Palm Pilot. Oh. You know, the technology isn't quite there like the tricorder in Star Trek yet, okay? They're not voice activated yet. They pull out, have you ever tried to give someone your number now that has one of these? They pull out their little Palm Pilot they're all proud of and that stupid little plastic pen that you have to write on the screen with. And it's like, okay, all right, 516. Okay, hold on. Five, five, oh damn this thing. They're pushing the button and they're trying because it's supposed to recognize your handwriting. Yes. Five, one, oh gee, I just spelled C. Okay, hold it, hold it. Do you have a piece of paper? I know, it's ridiculous. No, but this is great. A link into your computer you can download and upload and just type it in. When you get home, write it down on paper. They think the technology, it's not there yet kids, but it's just fun to have toys. That's what it sounds like. That's what it is. Yeah, people love just taking it out. It's like, all right, let me have your number. Okay, wait a minute, wait. Look what I got here to write it with. Check it out. It's a Palm Pilot. Yeah. Yeah, great. I'll wait for the voice activated one with the chip in my head. Hi, N.E.W. Open it. Hey, how are you? What's up? This is Kathy from the planet Neptune and I am going to eliminate Lord Cormoran. I swear you guys are so funny. I was driving down each other. Huh? This chick's like insane. Yeah, yeah, but I think she does it. You guys, I was driving down each other and I was laughing so hard I nearly drove off the road. I hit the road. Watch that. Yeah, we need your listenership. Yeah, we love Lord Cormoran. You guys are hysterical. When are you guys coming down to like Bruce Country here in Jersey? Hey man, we've been to Monarky. Monarky? Nice bumble what? We are going to hit the famed, the coast. Jersey Coast when it gets nice and sunny and warm. You've got to come down before the Betty's come down. Alright, well tomorrow we are going to be at La Barbat here in Manhattan. Well, I can't miss work. The Open Anthony Freak Show continues tomorrow. We are doing St. Patty's Day at La Barbat, 57th between 8th and 9th. Broadcasting our whole show between 3 and 7. And we are going to have a lot of fun and then, I don't know, maybe the next stop is Jersey again. Plenty of friends are going to join us tomorrow. That's right. Lots of friends. We are going to drink green beer and puke green. I am going to play Vomit Hopscotch in the road. That's great when the parade runs through and you are walking down Fifth Avenue playing Vomit Hopscotch. Watch it, watch it. Look out, watch that. Alright, I am glad you like the Lord Colm. Oh, I love it. I love it. Careful driving. Take care. Bye. Hi, NDAW. Hello. Hi. I am waiting to talk to Open Anthony. Well, what do you got for me? You are on the air. I just wanted to talk to Open Anthony. What happened to the Hummer Club? The Hummer Club is still happening. Oh, well, it's not on. It's Tuesday night. I don't think we need to pound the Tuesday night Hummer Club thing every Tuesday. It's just a known thing now. It happens every Tuesday. Yeah, but it's not on now. My name is Angel and I just reconciled my husband Joe and we are doing it every morning and every night. I got these guys on the radio and I made my husband listen to them and he comes home like a bat out of hell. Really? Yes. So are you going to like, you know... Oh, come on. These guys got us going here. Oh, cool. And it's all their fault. They are. Thank God I have three sons with him and I am a toothed guy. Thank God because I have babies all over the place. Three too late. I miss their show. What happened to their show? I don't know. I don't know where they are today. No. Oh, well, I'm going to go to the Hummer Club. I'm going to go to the Hummer Club. I'm going to go to the Hummer Club. I'm going to go to the Hummer Club. I don't know. I don't know where they are today. No. I think they are running a... You've got to give me their show. I think they are running a tape show today. They took the day off. Oh, come on. And I finally got...you know what? I just moved into this new house and I finally got my phone and now I can call and you guys aren't even going to let me on the air. Well, what's your phone number? We'll have them call you back. 358-8811. And we'll have you at code 201. Great. Okay. We'll have them call you in a little while, okay? Okay. You may get a couple hundred calls. I can imagine. Yeah. Because they like to call like 200 times in a row. Oh, and they'll be calling today? Yeah. They'll be back though. I'll have them call you though, okay? What was the number again? 201-358-8811. Okay. My name is Angel. Angel? And it's my Joe. Who are you talking to? Angel who likes to suck. Oh, really? Angel who likes to suck. Okay. Angel who likes to suck. Okay. Oh brother, no. All right. Just my honey here. All right. I don't do anybody else but my honey. All right. I hope Anthony will be calling you in a little while. Okay. Bye. All right, guys. If you call her, just say you're hoping Anthony. All right, guys. Let her rip. Go. Deploy. Deploy. The troops are out. Oh my God. It's your job. You can't fool me because I'm a moron. All right. And there's still a bunch of people that want to talk about private dicks. You know, the HBO special from last night, Anthony. The ladies love this. Yeah, we got another lady that wants to discuss the show. If you didn't see it yesterday, I'm sure they'll rerun it. Oh, it's a hundred times, I'm sure. It's worth seeing as a goof at the worst, you know. A bunch of guys sitting around naked talking about their Johnson. How do they get these people, too? There's like these guys in their fifties. He's an advertising executive and he's just sitting there, oh, my penis. I like it. I'm friendly. I have my relationship with my penis. It's like, God, you're someone's dad and grandfather. And you're just on TV. I don't know. I didn't see anyone normal on that show. I think they went to the Port Authority or something. All right. Here's a lady that's got some comments about the show. Hi, Andy W. That guy last night with the flip thing, that was the guy who had the penis extension and that was the exercise in order to, you know, help it along. Really? So, the guy with the buff chest, the old guy with the bald guy. Oh, he had a penis extension? Yes, he did. Yes, he did. And then what about that guy who had the foreskin put back on? That was so gross. And he was this man. You couldn't even see anything. He had an innie penis. That was the funniest thing I had seen in my life. I was on the floor laughing. It was so funny. There was so much going on in that show. What about the old guy talking about how he has to pump it up to have sex? He was almost crying. Yeah. It was so funny. The guy I hated the most was the Chinese guy. He totally grossed me out. The old guy had zits all over his chest. A little too much about the penis. I thought it was very amusing. I was laughing my ass off. I kept calling Anthony. He kept calling me. I was calling my girlfriend. We were calling each other back and forth. We were dying. It was so funny. I thought it was one of those private dicks that thought I was supposed to be like the NOSA Plano. I'm thinking of like New York cops or something. And the next thing I was like, whoa. That was so funny. And the black guy bragging how, you know. Yeah, but you never saw his. They never went down. I was like, oh, I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. I'm going to be a cop. But you've got to admit the fave of the show was the 58 year old guy with the two incher. Was it the golf? Yeah. But he didn't take his drawers off you though. No. He was bragging about it so much. He figured, you know, all right, let's see it if it's that bad. You know, come on. They kept going to that guy. I thought he was going to be the grand finale as the credits roll and he'd stand up and go, all right, what the hell, here it is. It's really funny. Ah, cool. All right, guys. Well, we're going to play that slang expert talking about names for condoms. That was funny too. Yeah, that guy was cracking me up. I was like, what the hell? I'm going to be a cop. Okay. The word condom itself goes back to the 18th century in Scottish use. Back then it referred to something made of sheep's intestine, which is kind of hard to fathom nowadays. But it shows that the term has been around for quite some time. In the 20th century, I think rubber has been the most common and used throughout the century. But scumbag has been around since the 1930s and most people really don't realize this. People know scumbag is a term for an offensive person, but in fact the original sense was a condom and that's based on the slightly earlier use of scum for semen. Some other ones more recently are glove, referring to a condom which has its own spawn, such as love glove or stud glove or even f***glove. Perhaps the most recent is jimmy hat, a rap music term coming from jimmy as a term for the penis. And one of the most recent and most offensive has got to be Coney Island whitefish, which refers to a used condom that washes up on the seashore. That is my favorite. The old Coney Island whitefish. Yeah. Only in New York do you get good slang terms like the Coney Island whitefish. Hey look, hey look at that Vinny, it's a Coney Island whitefish. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNAW, Two for Tuesday, Perfect Strangers and Woman from Tokyo. Deep Purple. Dopey and Anthony. Hey, got a bunch of people on the line that just want to shoot the yes with us. Want to do a little phone roulette? Yeah. Alright. Hi Indy W. Hi Opie, how are you doing? It's Ted. Hey, how are you? Good, good. How are you? Pretty good. Good. Did you get my email? We've got many emails from you. Oh good. Did you get the one yesterday? Which one was yesterday? Well, it would just be from yesterday. That's all I can tell you. If you got it, you would know. No, I don't think I got it then. Everyone's listening to this. Oh I know. How can you be off the record if you put me on the radio? Off the record? We're not off the record, we're on the record. I never understand a word this girl's saying. Alright, hold on. How can... Oh Jesus. Hi Indy W. Hi. Hi, what's up? Nothing, I just wanted to talk about that private dick show last night. I didn't see it, but from what you guys are saying, was it like a panel of people there? A panel? You know, I think you ladies are getting us back today because Anthony and I have spent many, many hours on our show talking about women and their T&As and stuff. Right. And now today we have to talk about guys swarming all day long. Yes you do. I wanted to talk about it today. Now you saw it? No I didn't. Oh. What I wanted to say is that, I was in my car awhile ago and I was listening to what you were saying about how you didn't think that women really wanted to look at somebody's trunk. Yeah. And I agree. I don't think it's that we want to see, but you know it would be nice to just be given the chance. You know you see a sex scene in a movie and it's usually some chick takes off all her clothes and the guy lowers his pants. You know you don't see anything. Well believe me there's a reason for that and that is that guys love looking at naked girls. It doesn't matter kind of what they look like or who they are. Yeah but you know what, maybe I don't want to look at some guy's Johnson. But I might want to look at his ass. You know there are things about a guy's ass that are really nice looking. Well they show that on TV even now. NYPD News. Yeah well I don't need to see it. I mean I'm talking full frontal male nudity is like something that I don't think there's a big demand for. A lot of times you hear oh the girls are always naked in the movies. They show it all the time but guys they barely show it. Well there's a reason. No one wants to see that. But you want to have, well you want to at least be able to come away and say like a guy can come away from a movie and say well you know her tits were too big or they were perfect and I'd like to be able to walk away and say you know what I didn't like that or I did like that. You know just at least give me the opportunity to say you don't have to zoom in on it and stay there for five minutes. So you want to see more schlongs on TV and in the movies. Just nudity. See we would like to see the zoom in on the girls though and stay there a while. You would? Yes but the girls, see there's a huge difference. I don't care what people say as far as what guys want to see and what girls want to see as far as nudity goes. Guys are just oh boy oh boy oh boy she's naked. Oh boy oh boy get out of the way I can't see. She's naked. Women are just like oh yeah well guys are I don't know we're nuts. Like when we see a naked woman we're like wow that's hot or that looks good. Girls see a naked guy on TV or in the movies they laugh with a funny weenie. I think that's because it doesn't happen enough. You know what I mean? It doesn't happen enough so we're always like a little shocked when it actually happens. There's a reason for that. No one wants to see it. That's pretty much it. I don't think people really want to see it. I think the world was structured in a way that reproduction can go on but work gets done too. If everybody was like men nothing would ever get done because we'd all be having sex all the time. 24 hours a day. Yeah and then if everyone was like women we'd have been extinct. I'm not talking about everybody. I am averaging out the human race. I will agree that a woman's body in general is more beautiful I think. Yeah even a bad one is a good one. I don't know about that. Wow what are you getting at? Some of the bad ones are pretty bad. But I'll tell you something guys like look it doesn't matter if it's a slob bending over. Are you serious? Let's take a real simple kind of thigh. No a big pig is bending over and you can look down the shirt and catch some boobage. A guy will do it. You're not going to turn away and go oh she's fat. You're like hey I think that's a nip. That's how we are. It's not that much of a sexual thing. It's just kind of cool and fun. It's sexual too. You get the sneak peek. When you're not expecting to see something and you do that's the best. Yeah you've talked about that before. That is the best. You're driving down a road and a girl is putting something in her trunk and she's bent over too far or something. Oh my god and you're just on the way to the supermarket. There's nothing better in the world. It's a pre-beat. I'm not expecting it. It just comes out of nowhere. So I never have to actually get naked then. I'll just give somebody a peek every now and then. No that helps. Get naked. Get naked. Yeah more women need to get naked. But wait a minute you won't get any work done then. That's true. It's okay by us though. Alright I love you guys. Bye bye. Well we've got more clips from the show Anthony. Oh what do we have now? Well we've got the old 50s voice film strip type guy talking about girly magazines. Great, great. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. I can't use your only air. I think the same aim as a male chicken. What I said, let me preface this by saying that I am not gay, never have been gay, never experimented or anything. Thou protesteth too much. But what I was saying, what I meant, was at the process of sitting through that HBO special was arduous enough with these ugly guys, they could have made it just a little bit easier to deal with if the guys looked somewhat more normal instead of these freak shows they had on. But it doesn't matter. That never crossed my mind. I felt skeeved out because I'm looking at guys naked and that was all I needed to know. If a girl considers a guy attractive and he's sitting in the chair naked and a girl considers a guy unattractive and he's sitting in the chair naked, I don't care which one I'm looking at, I don't want to look at either. If it's the same amount of discomfort looking at it, then it could be a naked monkey. Doesn't matter. But I'm just saying. You would like the hot guy. Like the model. All of a sudden you'd be sitting there and say there was a guy that a girl thought was attractive. You would have sat there last night and gone, oh okay this is easier to deal with because he's attractive. Because he's attractive? Well because I'd be looking more at his face. I wouldn't be bothering looking at his face. Now you're into what the guy's face looks like? That's even sicker. At least if it was some perversion with the penis is one thing. But now your face is almost like you want to build up a relationship. Like I said earlier, there's a gorilla naked in a chair on that HBO special. That's all I need to know that I'm looking at a gorilla schlong. That's bad enough for me. To start thinking it would be a cooler special if the guy was hotter. Same level. Alright. Same level. Okay explain yourself again as the plane goes in flames. You've got a woman that looks like say Xena sitting there naked. We're not talking about girls. Let's see where he goes wrong. And you've got a woman that looks like say Florida from Good Time. Sitting there naked. Now if you had to sit through and watch this, what would you prefer to see? Wait wait wait wait. First of all I would love to sit through looking at women naked so it wouldn't be a chore. Right. And I would enjoy both bodies to be honest with you because it's female. Rick there's a difference. Yeah, yeah they don't have penises. That was never proven in Florida's case. So Rick says in the back office, two minutes before he went on the air, Anthony and I looked at each other like oh man this is going to be big. How do you make a statement like that? You just can't. That it would be easier to watch if the guy was cute? Alright what about when you said in school they should get rid of the handicap people because you know people look at them and you can't study. Never said such a thing. Well whatever. But he's not looking at a handicapped schlong. But they had a handicapped schlong. I don't want to see a handicapped guy in a chair with. You are not making sense. You are now babbling out of your buttocks. The more you try to explain it the deeper you get. It has nothing to do with the nude male form in a chair. Nothing to do with retarded people or Florida Evans from good times. The nude male form in a chair. I don't want to. Once I gazed upon that on television, no changes in that form could have made it any more pleasurable for me. Or easier to digest. Exactly. Look and go, eee. Kind of get a little skeeved out. Now if you are a female I can understand your point of view. Exactly. I'm sure there are a bunch of females out there that probably thought what you were thinking. But it didn't come from a female. No, no, not exactly. It came from you, a guy. We are saying exactly for the wrong reason. I'm in touch with my feminine side. You are a little too in touch with it. If you are looking for hot guys on an HBO nudie special. You said that. Rick, man, you just like, you blow it. I don't know what you are thinking. It's about time he got some abuse. Wow. I just couldn't believe he came out with that. There is nothing you could say to make it better. I just try and do my job, be quiet and I say something off the cuff in the office and boom. It's a homo homo. You know what it's like? I'll tell you the exact thing. You get shot in the head with a .357 Magnum right between the eyes. And somebody goes, you know, it would be better to get shot between the eyes with a .38. It doesn't matter at that point. You are shot in the head. A .38 won't probably do as much damage. No, it will. Believe me. The ugly guy with the penis is doing more damage to me than the penis. No, you are still dead. And with that analogy that Anthony is on, I wouldn't want to be shot in the head with a water pistol. Hi, N.E.W. Hi, I'd like to give Rick some advice. Okay, who is this? This is Beth in Old Bridge. Hi, Beth. I have a ladies point of view, Rick. Some you can relate to. Rick? Yeah? Give it up. Just quit while you are ahead. Ahead? Well. He is like the person in the wheelchair at the marathon ahead. Don't say anymore, Rick. Don't say anymore. It is just going to bury you. Yeah, it is just bad. There is nothing he can say, right? When you are in quicksand, Rick, you are relaxed. You float to the top. He could never win this one. He just can't win. Wait, there is a guy that wants to agree with Rick on five here. Thank you. See? Something tells me he can't march in the parade. Hi, Eddie. How are you doing? Hey, what is up, buddy? What is up, man? All right, what do you got? I want to agree with Rick there. Why? Because they are going to be in the race. You know that big fat man that started aiding John Holmes? Yeah, right. John Holmes died of AIDS, yes. All right, that guy. I put him on a couple of times on the TV. I was watching pornos. I see him. I got to shut it off. It is disgusting. I could see the same way, but... You are not watching porno for the guy. Maybe you would like to agree with Rick over dinner. No, no. I am watching for the girl. I got the two pornos back to back on cable TV. Right. I was surprised. Come on, I will switch to the other one. Even though I was getting into the girl, is that guy just nasty to look at? No, see, what are you talking about? You watch the porno for the chicks. Yeah, I know, but still you don't want to look at this big fat hairy guy. But if he was a hotter guy, you would keep that porno on? Well, I would switch the channel, right, to look... I think you are gay. You think I am gay, though? That is pretty funny, right? Alright, guys. There you go. There is someone on your side. There you go. A guy that sits in his apartment, volleying back and forth between porno channels. Oh, you caramba. Yeah, don't fight it, Rick. Don't fight it. Hi, Andy W. Hello? Hi, what's up? Hi. I think there is nothing wrong with what Rick said. Why? Because I think that he is confident enough in his sexuality. Thank you. And I think that, you know, if he is a good-looking guy on TV, he is allowed to say it. I don't know. You are a female, though. Maybe I am being Anthony. Maybe you guys are on the clock. That is fine, but we are talking about looking at a naked man in any way, shape or form, making it more pleasurable to look at by changing his appearance. It doesn't work. When you are a guy looking at a naked guy, there is nothing that can make it any more uncomfortable. Why not? Oh, look, Rick is going to try again. Okay, he has still got some air. I don't think I am a homo, Rick. I really don't, Rick. We don't think Rick is a homo either. No, but he just put his foot in his mouth and he is going to pay for it. At least he put a foot in his mouth. Okay, Anthony, you are saying that if you see a guy on television and he is good-looking, you cannot admit openly out loud and say that he is good-looking? I can look at a guy and say, I would think that a girl would find him more attractive than him. I can make that distinction. We are talking about looking at a naked man and it being any better or worse depending on how he looks. Why not? It doesn't work that way with a male mind. And it is really not part of my thought process. Right. Oh, Brad Pitt is gorgeous. Wow. Okay, he is a good-looking guy, but who cares? He is not even part of my thought process. Exactly. Okay, what you said, Brad Pitt. Well, everyone knows he is good-looking, but I don't want to sit there and go, I would like to see Brad Pitt naked. No, I don't want to see Brad Pitt naked. You would rather have seen Brad Pitt naked than you would have one of those fat guys in the gym. If I was forced to watch it like I did last night, it doesn't matter. I don't want to see somebody else other than... Unless you are a kid, it doesn't matter. See? Rick Buried himself. He said he would have enjoyed that special. Or whatever. You would have liked the show better. It sounded more pleasurable. If the guys were, like, hotter or better-looking. That is just weird. You are right. But I am just saying... You are just saying nothing. I don't know. Just like... And that girl is ready to say, I heard her talking, ready to say, well, I look at girls, and I could decide which ones I would rather see naked. That is girls. Girls are different breeds. So, if girls say it, they are not... If girls look at other girls and can determine, you know, obviously a girl would like to see a girl with a nice body as opposed to a slob. Exactly. But they are girls. That is that whole thing. Do you kiss your friends when you walk up to them? You go to the bathroom at the same time? If there was a naked guy who just had his legs and arms chopped off, would you rather see him or the guy with all the appendages? It doesn't really matter. If you were forced to, which one would you rather see? The guy who is laying there as a stump? I would rather see the stump because it is more of a freak show. Not even dependent. Not even based on anything sexual. I would just see it because it is like, wow, a guy with no arms, no legs, naked with a sling. That is a freak show. That is fun. So you find that good looking? No. No. See, you are out, man. You are just not... Closet Mof. Look at this. He is trying so hard. Now he is just grabbing his straws. Hey, Johnny, what have you got? Hey, what is up? Hey, I think you should just give Rick a cigarette and blindfold him. He is done. And you know what? He is done. He is done. Why? You gave him the wrong book. You needed Playgirl. Sorry, Rick. Oh, yeah, there are hot guys in there, Rick. All right. Very good, Johnny. All right, guys. Peace. Later. Great. Everybody is growling at me now. You are done, man. You are cooked. You are just done. Yeah. You should just shut your mouth and... All right. I will be quiet. You want to... All right. We got a little bit of a break. We got a little bit of a break. We got a little bit of a break. We got a little bit of a break. We got a little bit of a break. We got a little bit of a break. We got a little bit of a break. All right. We got to leave with another piece of... Shut your mouth. You are done. Bye. I am just laughing at him. It is so funny. We gave him 20 minutes to try to explain it to himself. Now, he is even deeper. Now, it is worse. Now, 500,000 people know about it instead of 200,000. All right. We got some more audio from the show last night. All right. Any hot guy audio? Oh, maybe Rick would like that. No, it is the slang guy. Oh, yeah, yeah. The slang guy is the best. He is sitting there and talking about slang terms for the guys' swang and for condoms. The Rock of New York 1027W&W, Super Tuesday with Rush. So, P and Anthony. Hey. A lot of people bitching and complaining because we haven't talked about the Tuesday Night Hummer Club much today, Anthony. Well, you know... We have been much too busy. We have to talk about it every Tuesday. It just happens. You know, we don't have to push it. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. I think everybody knows at this point what it is all about. We are asking the ladies to just satisfy the man a little bit when they get home. A lot of sex talk today. A little Hummer. Well, yeah, we haven't done that. We will balance it out by talking about politics tomorrow. Oh, yes, of course. That is what we will be doing, yes. But everyone is requesting the official theme song of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, Anthony. Okay, which one is this now? What is the official? Well, I think the official one is Red Peters. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. The Hummer Queen song is second. That is like the jingle to the Hummer Club. The Rock of New York, 1027WNEW. Hendrix mellowing us all out with our new experience. And Foxy Lady before that. That is one of those songs that gets stuck in your head. I've got the needle still in my arm. Soapy and Anthony. Hi. Almost out the door. Just about. Welcome all the new members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Congratulations. A bunch of you guys checking in today. Yes, congratulations. You're in. Tomorrow, don't forget, we're going to be broadcasting live at La Barbeck. That's on 57th between 8th and 9th. And we'll be there from, what, 3 to whenever. Just having a pisser. We usually stay late, yes. And we've got a bunch of great stuff to give away. And it's just a lot of fun when we do the live broadcast because you never know what you're going to hear or see if you're on La Barbeck. On location with us. So if you're going to make it in the city for the parade, stick around and come party with us. It's La Barbeck tomorrow from 3 to 7, broadcasting live. That's on 57th between 8th and 9th. What do you got, Rick? I got a guy who's a little pissed off at you guys. For what? Actually, because he thinks you've been talking a little too much or whatever. Yeah, so get used to it. I'm going to start talking a lot more. So what is his problem? He's just got a problem with it. He thinks you should be kicking back and playing music. Oh, grooving. Being quiet. And who does he want to talk to? Of course your boss. Hello, N.E.W. Oh, yes, hi. Is this the program director? No. Who's this? Oh, okay. No, I just have a little bit of a complaint. All right, who's this? Oh, no, hi. My name's Paul. The two gentlemen that are on the radio now. Paul, I'm just an intern. Let me get the program director you want. Here, or somebody, please. Okay, hold on a minute, please. I just want to get to... Engineering. Hi, engineering. How are you? How are you? Are you guys doing me a favor? What's the... What's the problem? I'll give you guys a hundred bucks cash on the table to pull a plug in and do blab about come to play some music. Oh, you want programming? This is engineering, sir. Oh, programming, please. Oh, please hold. Yeah, hello? Hello? Yeah, what's up? Hey, do me a favor. Are you somebody in programming? Whoever it is, I'll give them like five hundred bucks under the table to shut these guys up for a little while, play some music or something. What are you talking about? This is the Jock Lounge. This is whose house? The Jock Lounge. Oh, the Jock Lounge. Oh, the Jock Lounge. With the DJs hang before they go in the air. Oh, no, they keep... they keep trickling around. I want to talk to somebody. Um... I mean, these guys are a little bit ridiculous today. You know, let them... they call themselves disc talkies. Let them throw on some discs. All right, hold on a minute. Something. You want the PD or the general manager? I guess the program director would be fine. I'm not here to bother the general manager. Maintenance. Ha ha ha ha! Hello? That's great. You got the great. Okay. Very funny. That's pretty cool. They keep ping-ponging me around. Is there any way to shut those two dudes up? You want programming, sir? Sure, why not? I'll hang out and play the game. Go for it. Programming. Hi. Hi, what's up? Oh, I don't know. I'm trying to get... I'm trying to talk to somebody to keep Tweedle dumb and Tweedle dumb. I just want it to be a little bit quieter and play some more tunes. Is that possible? Who's Tweedle D and Tweedle dumb? No, Tweedle dumb and Tweedle dumb. I'm two Yahu's. You got Blabber and I'm a radio. I'm like two old women from Long Island. Is there any way to keep them quiet, you two geniuses, and just play a couple more tunes? Is that possible? So you're looking for programming? I don't know who they got me looking for now. Where am I? Where do I get now? I apologize. We're having a problem with the phone system. Can you hold on one last second? Hey, no problem. I'm cool. All right, hold on. You've reached 1-900-suck-my-c***. No, no. Gay male sex. If you like big fists up your a**, stay on the line. You'll get a hot c*** writing your name on the line. You'll get a hot c*** writing your name on the line. You'll get a hot c*** writing your name on the line. You'll get a hot c*** writing your name on the line. You'll get a hot c*** writing your name on the line. There you go. There you go. The old runaround ploy. He fell for it. He fell for it, yes. How many more people are going to fall for that one? I don't know. I think we've got ten different ones now. All right, it's LeBarbat tomorrow, broadcasting live, Opie and Anthony. From three to seven. We'll be there at least until seven. Yeah, baby. Fifty-seven is between eighth and ninth. Anthony, stacker two. Stacker two, Opie. Yes, you've been taking these, right? Yeah. I'm going into rehab next week. You're lit. This stuff gives you an energy boost, that's for sure. Ben, have you tried the stacker two yet? Yes, I have. I think half the staff has tried stacker two at this point. Would you say this stuff would keep you awake if you had a cram for finals? Yes, absolutely. I was up so late the night I took them. Really? I haven't slept in a week. How does it work with gay sex, Ben? How is that? We should ask Rick. Oh, yeah. Don't try to drag Rick into it. Rick took a beating today. So everyone is taking the stacker two around the joint? Wow, black girl. Black girl, grab a mic. You're taking the stacker two? Yes. The last couple of days I've taken it. Who's the dealer for this, by the way? Because I'm running out. I'm Jones in. Well, the stacker two people, Opie. I want to know who the dealer is. Oh, you've got someone. It's easy. You just call 1-800-LIGHTLINE. They're the dealer. Well, it's funny. It's just like, no, man, just try one. It's no big deal. Try one. We'll give you the first bottle free. Yeah. So I'm looking for the next supply. It really does give you an energy boost, though, this stuff. It works within an hour. They say it burns fat as well. I don't know about that. Well, they say it does. Then it must. You'll be a firm believer. You can get this stuff within two days because they're right in New Jersey. Give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. L-I-T-E line. Can I just go there and knock on the back door? Yeah, what you should do is you knock on the back door. Hey, man, you hooked me up. Know what happens? Yeah. You knock on the back door, lower basket, put the money in the basket, and next thing you know, you've got some stacker two. I thought the little sliding door opened, the one-inch wide sliding door. You put your rolled-up money in. No, they do the basket technique. Oh, okay. So they lower the basket. If you're not happy with the stuff, you knock on the door again, they lower the basket, you put the stacker two back in, next thing you know, your money comes back to you. Well, look at that. Huh? Or you could do the easy way. What's that? They're calling 1-800-LIGHTLINE.