 Yaaahhhh! Yaahhhh! The Rag in New York. 1027 WNEW. Metetica! Turn the page ya. Mrs. From Karajenk, it's Opie. It's Anthony. It's Ralph Dutour in the studio. Still? Hey! Wait, do you have your mic on? Oh, you went to that one on me. Okay. There you go. Hey, hey, hey. So, we brought Ralph in because you guys got to see Johnny Lyng last night. Yeah, yeah. Pretty cool. How was it? We need the review. Well, first of all, I just can't stand him. He's jealous. The guy, he's young, he's a good looking kid, the chicks love him, he can play like a mother. Yeah, he can. You know, you really didn't get that from when he plays live in the studio with us when he comes in. How really good he plays guitar. The guys are just kicking ass. And the voice and all that. That's the scary part. It's all going to get better. Just annoyed me. A really good, great show. Yeah. You know, I was sitting in the Y-Side. Watching, it's a real stripped down band. It's just two guitars, bass, drum, keyboard. And I kept thinking, where are the background singers? Where's the horn section? You know, they're all there. Next time. Next time you can totally hear him going that way, right? I can see him building, you know, got the tower power horn section behind him. And his voice is great. My God. His voice is amazing. Where did that come from? 18 years old and he sounds like Joe Cocker in his prime. There's some black guy down south going, hey, what happened to my voice? Wait a minute. Exactly. You know? And when he's in the studio and he's talking with us, doing an interview and stuff, he's like, hey, you know, wow, that's cool and stuff. And then from the stage, even in between songs, he's just, how we doing, people? Like, whoa, the hell happened? It's amazing. Right on. Great show. And there was a mixed crowd, right? A lot of teeny boppers, but then a lot of older people as well, huh? No, not at all. It was mostly older folks. I don't think there was, I didn't see that many. Well, the kids were up front. I saw some little girlies and they're jumping around like throwing flowers and notes at them and stuff. And then in the crowd, I'm looking, I see biker dudes and then the guy in the suit, men, women. It was everybody. That proves he's the real thing right there. Oh yeah. And people were impressed and rightfully so. You know, like I said, the guy can play. Ralph, were you singing backup before Johnny Ronnie last night? What happened? It was smoke. A lot of smoke in that place last night. Yeah. People just, you know, chained. I smelled some weed too. So just think, wafting around. Yeah. Little skunk. Little skunky. Yeah. Yeah. You get a contact buzz last night? No, I couldn't tell. I was drinking beer and Jack. I got a contact buzz at the Black Crows. Did you? No, there was so much pot in there. You couldn't help but leave hot. I got the Ohmer brothers tonight. Oh boy. That's a real straight crowd. Look at you. Look at you. Ralph, Mr. Party Guy. Yeah. I'll be deaf tomorrow on the radio. Right. I thought today was bad, folks. Wait. No, I thought you sounded great, man. The lunch hour was great today. I always had a lot of fun with that. That's a very good feature. You get to hear so many songs that you usually don't hear on the radio. You put on Missing Persons today. Walking in LA. Hey, somebody wanted to hear it. I'll be honest. I was at home when you, you know, put the phone call on the air and I cranked up my stereo. I'm like, what the hell? I'll listen to this. Reminds me of that little suit she used to wear. Remember that video? Dale Bozier. Yeah, you just don't want to see her wearing that suit these days. I know. I saw her in the VH1. Did you see the behind the scenes? Yeah. And she's in the little minivan driving it. She's got a good attitude, though. She's got a good attitude. Yeah. I'd rather have her with a good ass than a good attitude. I'm a lot nicer to look at. We'll feed you lies. You guys are going to have a great show, by the way. Now you're just jink-sticking. No, no. People don't know. People don't know. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend. he had a cry over the world. He's getting the trophy from you. It's the best moment ever. Best team in baseball. Well, when we had Coney on a few months back, he admitted to us on our show that George was hammered. He was a little lit. Yeah, yeah, that's for sure. So you've got to give him that one. But now you seem all the time. I'm saying he's always emotional. He's very emotional. He's crying now. George, come on. Get tough, right? Snap out of it. Yeah, toughen up. But, Tori, it's looking like he's going to be all right. They're all knocking on wood. But the whole thing with prostate cancer, if you catch it early, you've got a good chance of surviving and living a normal life. I get heebie-jeebies. And it's something we're all going to have to face. Very sensitive subject. Don't they say if you have a lot of sex that your odds of getting it go down? Oh, really? I think I heard that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Then I'm in trouble. Best blockage. See, I thought I was going to go the other way. No, I'm in trouble then. But, I mean, my dad, he goes to the Legion every week. All the guys there have it. Really? Every single one of them. Really? Yeah, in different stages. And my dad's got the priest stuff happening. So far he's okay, but, you know, because they've caught it early in him. No, they do. But this is more popular than you guys think, this prostate cancer. Oh, it is. I doubt it. It's more common. Yeah, it's popular. Wow. Wrong word. Everyone wants it. It's 85. You can dance to it. It's pretty popular. Wow. Well, you know, we obviously hope for the best. Absolutely. You've got to send them, you know, just nothing but good wishes. Of course. 80% of early diagnosis are get cured. There you go. That's what they say. A little later in the show, we got to talk about the other famous people that have had a bout with prostate cancer. I saw that. There's a couple of big names in there. It's amazing. Marv Levy from The Bills, Stan Musial, Michael Milken, Norman Schwarzkopf, Harry Belafonte, Louis Farrakhan, Jesse Helms, Mayor Marion Barre. It sure doesn't discriminate as far as political beliefs. No. Jesse Helms and Farrakhan. Yeah. I didn't think they had anything in common. Bob Dole, believe it or not. Bob Dole. Arnold Palmer, Jerry Lewis. Hey, lady. And our favorite, Tarleton Heston. He was on Larry Kink talking about his prostate cancer. Yes, yes. So maybe we'll get a visit from Chuck Heston. Chuck Heston a little later, right? 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York with Everlast, What It's Like. It's Opie and Anthony, 2127571027 if you got something for the show. Hey, Jeff, we got you on the air. What's up, man? Hey, open up. What's up? How you doing? All right. I got a question for management on your behalf. Okay. What the hell's up with Free Beer Thursday? What's going on? I thought you guys were having some beer in the studio. Well. Well. Ixnay. Uh-huh. Ixnay on the e-fray Ear Bay. Now I heard that they canceled Free Beer Thursday. Why? Now we predicted last week that it would only last two weeks, but it lasted one week. One week. One week. Come on, guys. One week. It's been canceled. Come on, management. Let them have something to drink. So we're coming in, and you didn't hear us talking about this last week. We had a big, huge management meeting. The entire staff of N.E.W. is there. Yes. And I almost stayed awake during the whole thing. I was very proud of myself. Almost. And we're trying to figure out how to get more people to listen to N.E.W. and really, you know, embrace our audience and stuff. Pump up the station a little more visibility. Pump up the stations. Maybe start marketing it a little bit. Sure. Let people know that there's something going on here at N.E.W. And one of our bosses stood up at the end of the meeting and announced that for now on on Thursdays, it's going to be Free Beer Thursday. Right. Where they're going to order beer at four o'clock and the entire staff is allowed to get drunk as an open exchange of ideas. A little forum for everybody to loosen up and exchange ideas. Could you imagine if your boss suggested Free Beer Thursday? Got to rub it. Oh, yeah. Got to rub it. And it's 10 to 4. It's almost time. Well, I don't think it's happening today. I heard it was canceled. Yeah. Jeff, it's canceled. There you go. Are we going to have problems with the phones again today? I think it's somewhat visionary, actually. Visionary. The whole concept. It's visionary. Dressed down Friday took so long to be embraced by corporate America. Right, right. By true corporations. Yes. Yes. We're on the edge, babe. Well, Free Beer Thursday, I believe, has been canceled. But this week we did start a new tradition, Tequila Tuesday with Sammy Hager. Tequila Tuesday. I thought it was going to be in conjunction with Free Beer Thursday, but I guess not. No. Crack Friday I'm waiting for. Yeah. Where we just like start up the crack pipes. We just boot up. Oh, yeah. So it was, you know, I mean, I love beer. Anthony loves beer. Ralph loves beer. But it was just kind of a silly idea. Yeah, that's what we thought. But we're really trying to get more people listening to our show and the rest of the station. And I don't know if a concept called Free Beer Thursday is going to help that along. No, no. You know, I'll have as many beers as I want after we get off the air. We take it pretty damn serious when we're in here. Yeah. Yeah. Trying to make people laugh and forget about their miserable days. You know? Well, you don't have to join in. I mean, why ruin it for the rest of the staff, guys? We do. No, we can still partake in Free Beer Thursday. Just you. Well, I think it might interfere with some people's, um, old job. I think it might actually help them do it better. Really? Well, it's hard enough to get people to work around here. You think after a few beers, they're going to want to work? I think everybody works pretty damn hard around here, actually. But then again, maybe I'm in the wrong office. Always the diplomat. Yeah. Ralph doesn't like telling it like it is. He has this little nice persona that he wants everyone to know about. He's folding his arms. This is where he starts getting mad at us. You're defensive now. No, not at all. We love most of the people we work with. Of course. They know that. I'm going to go out there and lobby for Free Beer Thursday. All right, cool. I'm going to try and bring it back. Now, what's going on with seven minutes? What's going on with this kid that needs a haircut? I'll get a haircut and go to school. This school is right next to where I live, actually. All right. Well, explain the story real fast, Ralph. The story is the kid has long hair and it's a private school. He's only five and he has an earring, too. And they want him to cut his hair. And saying that they're a private school, they can enforce any rules they want. It's not discrimination. It's tough nuggies. You can go to public school and fight it, you know, but I think if he wants to get in this private school, he has to adhere to those rules. I think it's a silly rule, but it's the school's prerogative. Right? It is. Well, what is getting a haircut going to... Well, I don't see why long hair is going to get in the way of his education. I don't understand that at all. Right. It's going to get in his eyes. He won't see the chalkboard. No, because if you don't let him get a haircut, I'll play the devil's advocate here because I truly don't give a crap. If he doesn't get a haircut and they have to let him in, what about the kid with the mohawk and the bone through the nose and whatever else, what other kind of look any kid wants in school? Let him all in. I don't care. We're in the middle of the world. It's distracting to the educational process, Opie. You can't teach kids when they're distracted by a student with a mohawk or a bone through their nose. All right, so they want the kid with the long hair to cut his hair. Right. Basically. Basically. Because it's a distraction to tell the students and stuff. Perhaps his haircut wouldn't be, but if they allow his, they have to allow the other one in the next step and that might be that much worse. So they want to nip it in the bud. So why don't they just kick out all the ugly kids from private school? Because they're a distraction to an education. Well, you can't make them go out and get corrective surgery. That's a public school. There's only a private, even the Civil Liberties Union is saying that the private school, quote, has the right to make decisions in terms of dress and grooming. All right, then they should kick out all the ugly kids as well because it's the same thing. That's a distraction to learning. But they can't have corrective surgery. I understand about distractions in school, Opie. I went to that, where was that, Fifth Avenue Elementary School down there in East North Port on the island. Mm-hmm. My God, when I was going there, they had this program where they were letting mentally retarded children in with the normal students. Let us call them normal. Quote. Yeah, because I was included in the normal class, which I probably shouldn't have been. Yeah. And I forgot what kind of crazy liberal terminology they gave it. It was some kind of thing where they let the retarded children in with the normal kids thinking that they will each benefit from the same as, well, it scared the bejesus out of me. And I could not. There was one kid, he had water on the brain or something. His head was like a watermelon. He had a head three times bigger than anyone's head. And it was distracting to me at that age to do my English and math looking at a giant head because that's all I could see was a big head. Like the second I take my eyes off of his big head to do my work, I'd be thinking, I've got to look at that head again. And I'll be so before I know it, pencil's down. I'm like, I spent a half hour looking at the giant head and I got nothing done and I failed. No wonder you didn't do well in school. Yes. You were looking at the big head. It was the giant head kid and then there was another kid with this pupil. His pupil was like a cat's. They were oblong like that. So you just gaze and go, look at that eye. Time, class over. I was looking at the big head and the eye kids. Son of a gun. So it gets distracting. But the hair thing? It wouldn't bother me. But it's a private school and they can do what they want as long as they don't let big head kids go to school. Well keep them in the big head kid school. Do they have the big head kid school? I don't know. I think medical testing has gotten much better and I think they weeded those genes out of people. To tell you the truth. I don't think there's as much of that going on as there used to be. You know, you can go to the schools and see the big head kid and the wacky eye kid. They do testing early in the pregnancy and go, you know, you're going to have to eject that kid. Whoa. For God's sake they do. Eject? Well not for God's sake. It's pretty cold. I don't know how they say it but they say, look, you know, they do tests for things like spina bifida and then all of a sudden it's like, hey, you know, you got this. What do you want to do? And you go, okay, you know. Look, Ralph just took his headphones off. He's walking out of the studio. Well what? Isn't this our forum for honesty, OP? Yes it is. This is what happens. Why can we not speak of it? I'm going out and saying that I don't think there's as many retarded kids and as many children with physical deformities because of medical science and the testing that they do and if these things pop up that the option to abort is there and people use it. And it wasn't 20 years ago. Of course it was but the testing wasn't there. So all of a sudden, you know, you're in the delivery room and it's like, gee, Doc, if you could have told me this a few months prior, we could have done something about it. But you know, now I got two headed Chang. Oh man, that's harsh. But true, okay. I'll give it to you. Sorry. More political incorrectness on the way. 1027 WNAW, the Rock of New York, Pink Floyd, have a cigar. Should we make some wacky Monica joke here or? Oh, wacky one. They've all been told by now. So. So I don't know. Okay. All right. All right, man. Soapy and Anthony. Hey, and you're right over there. Now I got this all figured out. All right. We got this all figured out. We got a fact. Now I hope you rage as hard on the air as you just did off the air. Well, now I'm seeing into it a little more than I was a few seconds ago. Now, hold don't hold back. I can dump out if you do use a curse. Just let it fly in. First, let me preface this now. Okay. I see where this fax came from. I thought it was somebody faxing us saying, hey, look at what somebody wrote in the new issue of stepping out. Right. But then I look at facts from stepping out. So this guy, a loser, obviously wrote this to try to get us aggravated. So we would talk about him. Do you see that? I see that now. It came from stepping out, but we'll read it anyway. I know your intentions. This is the issue with Reverend Al Sharpton on the cover. Yeah, it seems this guy, Dan Lorenzo, does this little 24 seven column. We'll give him a little plug. God knows he probably needs it. Did you see the lame cover we had two weeks ago? Now this guy works for for stepping out. Yes. He's got a little column and he's saying that we had a lame cover two weeks ago. Yes. Opian Anthony from any W. I told Chauncey, Chauncey runs that magazine, not to put them on the cover. Nobody I knew, no one I know had ever heard of them. That's an all out lie. Well, first of all, when Chauncey did the interview when we first got here, well, yeah, for God's sake. And they look like my neighbor's landscapers. Oh, check please. I tried to listen to their show, but couldn't deal with it after about five minutes. We've got a lot of lame radio for the market that's possibly the hippest in the world. And then he goes on to these like radio shows that no one ever listens to and stuff because he's so too cool for the room. Dan, you write a column for stepping out magazine and you're making fun of us. You make it's it's a rag. Yeah. You write a little piece of crap column in a rag that no one even knows how to get. I wouldn't know how to get that magazine if it wasn't sent to us. Don't put them on the cover. A lot of pull over there at us stepping out. We were on it anyway. Boy, yeah. Talking about his interviews with. Dan, your little cute little column next to the ad for boobs. No one reads this. The only time anyone reads it is when you put someone on the cover and they say, Hey, I was on the cover of stepping out. And they gave me some free copies and and check it out. But he had some problem with us being on the cover. Well, we had a problem with being on the cover because those were the worst pictures ever taken of us. Yeah, obviously, I think stepping out had an agenda. Yeah, because then he goes on to say, you know, K-Rock is really cool. You know, even after Howard goes off the air and Howard Stern in the morning, a one share all day long. So he's, you know, obviously kissing their ass. You know, it's it's it's in their best interest to be in bed with them over there, which is fine. You know, John's he's been on his show for a few years. So I guess, you know, put us on the cover and, you know, make fun of us and stuff. That's cool. But Dan, you know, when you drive a piece of crap car, don't toot your horn. OK, you know, he's making fun of us. No one ever heard of us. No one ever heard of you and your magazine. We gave him more publicity than anyone else in the last exactly or so. Yeah. Reverend Al is going to be talking about it. I don't think so. Yeah. And in all honesty, Anthony and I have been interviewed many times the last four or five years. Yeah. By far, because the show is all about honesty, by far the worst interview that has ever been written about us. Well, he did it when we first got here to N.E.W. And it was supposed to come out right about then because we were new to the market. Hey, it's we're new. Check this out. Six months later, this thing turns up and you didn't even call up to ask new questions. We're commenting about people that aren't here anymore, about the state of the station. And it's still in a it was still in an osmosis transitional phase, you know, and you didn't even call up to get any updates. And then Dan, Dan, with his little column talks about how no one heard about us. Shut up with your stupid little paper rag and yet you're your little column. The article was about 70 to 75 percent right. Like a high school newspaper. He's writing for and he's he's all full of piss and vinegar. Shut up, Dan. Dan, what do you think you're going to do? Oh, yeah, well, it's it's got stepping out magazine and then and then Times, the Time magazine. Right. And then we know you're listening right now. You could act like you don't listen to us, but it's so obvious that you listen to us every single day. He faxed it over. Yeah, he bashes us and then faxes it to us. Are you an idiot? Well, he obviously wanted us to talk about. Oh, there you go, Dan. We talked about your loser little career there. All right. Good job. Boy, really, really doing well in your journalism career. I bet that's good. You send a lot of copies over to your parents' house. Oh, wait, you live there. That's right. So you're probably. Yeah, they see all your work. No, that's good. That's good. All right. Anthony, MapQuest dot com. This is a great, great thing. Opie, you're on the computer. You go to MapQuest dot com and you can get driving directions to anywhere in the country. They print out a nice map. You can print out a map from MapQuest to anywhere in the country. It's great if you get lost a lot. It's really easy, too, because what you do is you put the address of where you are, you put the address of where you want to go, and then a whole map gets printed out and also the directions in detail telling you how many miles you have to be on each road and stuff. Yeah. Let's say you're a douchebag Dan Lorenzo from Stepping Out magazine, and you just got this hot job that's much better than the rag Stepping Out. You're writing obituaries for the Fargo Times. So you have to know how to get from New York to Fargo. Well, douchebag Dan should go to MapQuest, and then you pop in where you're going and where you're coming from, and it prints out a little map. You can print out a map with directions, step-by-step directions, every road, how many miles you're supposed to be on that road, all the way to your destination. Exactly. Wonderful. I went online the other day, and I put in the address of where we work, in my home address. They gave me the exact route we do. It's scary. Every day. Try it. Try it up on MapQuest.com. Put in where you work, and then put in your house. The Rock of New York, 1027W, N.A.W., the latest from Collective Soul, off their CD Dosage, that's heavy. Tomorrow the winning begins. It continues all weekend. We've got Collective Soul tickets to give away. And in the near future, we've got the band coming up to say hi to us. Yes. So that's going to be very cool. It's Opien Anthony. Hello. Taking a lot of hits today. A lot of people trying to abuse us. That's okay. That's all right. Take your shots. We don't care. Yeah. We know we have people that like what we do. That's funny. I got a bunch of emails from people on that Dan Lorenzo thing. It turns out he was in this half-assed metal band that just kind of flopped, so he's a bitter musician. Oh, I see. Now it all makes complete sense. It does make sense because you were in a band and you know how that goes. The bitter musician. That hates the world because the world didn't discover his talents. Yeah, man. I've seen a million of these guys. Oh, brother. Now he's on his little paper roof. Yeah, Dan's trying to act like we're not cool enough for stepping out magazine. Yeah, sorry, Dan. Yeah, I guess we're not cool enough to have articles written about us in the Daily News, the New York Times, the LA Times. I could go on forever. I don't see a VH1 going to your door for a what happened to. Should be for a never happened to. Now, speaking of which, there's something very interesting going on with our show. And it's kind of frustrating to Anthony and I. We're finding out every day. You guys send us email and we read every single piece of email, by the way. And I know a lot of people get bummed because we don't write you back. It's almost impossible at this point, but we're trying to write everyone back. But don't think that your email is just going into a wastebasket. We read every single piece. The good stuff, the bad stuff, the stupid junk mail you sent us. The pictures we've seen a million times. We read it all and we want you to know that. OK, so keep your feedback coming because it definitely helps us build the show. But the one thing we notice every day when we're reading email, people go, hey, man, I started listening to you two weeks ago. Hey, man, I started last Friday when you had blah, blah. One person said they tuned in for the first time when we had Sammy Hagar on Tuesday. Wow. It says I'm hooked. I'm hooked. I'll be listening every day. So the thing I need for all the faithful listeners to do that are listening to our voice right now, please send us another email. OK, especially if you have an email less than a while and tell us exactly when you start listening to us because we want to take a little survey for the show. I'm very interested. It'll also help us because there's a lot of old bits we'd like to keep playing, but we want to make sure there's enough people out there that haven't heard them. You know what I mean? And if the email comes in, well, I've only been listening for two months. That's really going to help us. But if you've been there from the beginning, we want to know that as well. So if you could take a little time, the email addresses are back. Opa CK at W.A.W. dot com. You get to that through the W.A.W. website as well. Just tell us a little bit about yourself, your name, where you live, I guess your age would be very cool. And basically when you started listening to us. Yeah. Well, when you stop listening to us, because there's few people that stop listening because of us as well. We want to just take a quick survey for the show. And that would help us greatly. OK, cool. All right. Very cool. Well, there's another big story in town here. This Amy Watkins. Oh, yeah. This is a very, very tragic story. Very tragic. Amy Watkins was murdered in Brooklyn. She had what? Like a tennis knife. Oh, yeah. Stuck in her back in her back while she was walking home. Now, I got some theories. They're out there. They're out there, but it's just a hunch. These are your your theories. Are your theories based on what? Opi, are you basing these theories on anything factual? Just what I've seen on TV. I'm no detective by any means. And your gut feeling. My gut feeling. Opi's gut feeling. Right. Sometimes you just got to as a detective go with your gut feeling. That's right. Mr. Clumbo. Yes, of course. Yes. Let me hear what you think happened. OK. Now, I'm not accusing anyone because I know the email will come in. But Amy Watkins. Martin Landau. Do you think it's Martin Landau? No, I don't think so. Or Jack Cassidy. Could be Jack Cassidy. It was always Jack Cassidy. Amy Watkins, a grad student. She just did a lot for the needy. She was a volunteer. She was at the time of her death, what, helping women that were battered in relationships and stuff. Yes. Volunteered a lot of her free time to help others. OK. In Brooklyn. Now, every day she would leave this place she was working at or volunteering at. This is what I got from the news. And she'd walk home with her boyfriend. OK? Yes. The one day she doesn't walk home with her boyfriend, she is stabbed in the back with a 10 inch knife. Right. That is plastic around the handle of the knife. Plastic? Which pretty much tells me maybe a little premeditated happened here. Maybe. I'm not a detective. This is my gut feeling. So what you're saying is people trying to keep fingerprints from the knife handle. Of course. All right. I believe if it was just a pure robbery. Yeah. They wouldn't have worried about fingerprints on a knife. They would take that taking the knife with them. But someone make sure they didn't get caught. OK. Now they're interviewing everyone on TV the last two days. Mm hmm. This is where it's my hunch. I'm not accusing anyone. They interview the boyfriend at his job the next day. He is working. And getting his feelings on the death of his girlfriend. Working. Working. Wait a minute. Who in their right mind would go to work the day after your loved one was murdered? Interesting. Even if the President of the United States, God forbid, lost someone close to him. He's not going to work the next day. Hell no. This guy was in the middle of doing his job. It was some weird thing with a ship. He was sanding some kind of hull or something. I didn't really get what his job was. He's working. And he's working and they're interviewing him about the death of his girlfriend. That's kind of weird, huh? That's where I point my finger. I'm not accusing. It's a hunch. Very interesting. Reminds me of a case I remember when Robert Culp once killed Mary Ann Mobley. And I went over and he was indeed working. And you know how that turned out? He was guilty. Yeah. There you go. Not just like you. All right. Fascinating. You're saying it's the boyfriend. It's just a hunch. I'm not accusing. I don't feel like getting sued. I'm just saying that's your gut feeling. My gut feeling. Based on nothing but what you have said here. Every day she walks home with a boyfriend, the one day they don't walk home together, it happens. Could just be a tragic little twist. It could be a coincidence, obviously. All right. We'll see how this plays out. Dude, no one goes to work after someone really close to them is murdered. That's kind of bad, yeah. Four months into their little relationship? That's when you're like so in love. Yeah. So they're in a good habit. I know I'm going to catch hell for that, but maybe, maybe not. That's my gut feeling. All right. Yeah, that doesn't sound like a common MO for any of the robberies around the city. Taking a huge knife and putting it through somebody and then taking their... Plus that particular area of Brooklyn, they're saying the crime rate has drastically dropped over the years. Yeah. So it's not a crime rate in the neighborhood by any means anymore. They had their problems like everywhere else, but they pretty much cleaned up the area. I wonder why the paper didn't print anything like the boyfriend is being looked at or the boyfriend isn't being looked at. I don't know. Sometimes the cops hold that stuff. Yeah. It was just very, very suspicious when I was watching all the news reports on it. And I see the boyfriend was working at a Ginsu factory. Is that true? No? Oh, that's false. Okay, that's false. All right. We just saw that. I wasn't sure. What, did Jackie the Jokeman hand you a fax or something? A piece of paper, Anthony? Sounds like a bad Jokey Deer over there. All right. All right. Mike Levy writes, What if the guy that killed Amy is not white? Will the Reverend Al Sharpton be outraged and vocal? No way. You won't hear squat from that S head. Oh, interesting. Yeah. We'll see if he pipes up. If it turns out it's a black guy. Well, who knows? 1027 WNEW, the rock of New York, Goo Goo Dolls and Dizzy from Dizzy Up the Girl. It's Opie. It's Anthony. And in the studio, Earl, our buddy, our pal. Earl. Eight. We love Earl. And he's very knowledgeable. He knows sports and he just loves music. He just ran in here to tell us about a trade the Nets just pulled. Yes. The Nets have Stefan Marbury. It's still unofficial, but it's pretty much going to happen. That's amazing. That's a great pickup. Now, what does that mean for the team? Well, it means nothing this year, Mad Dog, because the team blows. They've got to get Jason Williams healthy. Jason Williams, you know, I love the guy. He has the biggest heart in the NBA, but he's got to get the operation on his hand or his finger or his thumb, whatever the hell it is. Everything's hurt. Yeah. I understand he wants to be out there and be a leader for the team, but he's just got to give up on the season, get healthy, and we'll start again next year. Especially since they're not going to make the playoffs. No. And this season is a waste. It's a wash. It's a waste as I watch every single game. Disappointment. Honestly, I'm not watching as much. That's the truth. Well, good. I said I would boycott the whole season. It's kind of hard. Rays are down. Especially being in New York. The Knicks, very frustrating to watch. Patrick Ewing. The Chokemeister. It's over. It's over. I just can't watch him anymore. He can negate a great game with one last shot, huh? He's missed a few now this year, hasn't he, Errol? I think at least three or four. Yeah. I just hate watching them play. And I'm still frustrated they traded Oakley and Starks. I'd rather see those guys out there every day, diving for loose balls and having a heart. Everyone gets traded. It's part of the game. So who did the Nets give up for Marbury? Gatling and... No whoop. No one big. They didn't give up anybody. Well now they have to re-sign Marbury is the problem, right? Because he's a free agent after this year? Yes, it's going to be a big problem. Well, they can start now though, which is cool. Is anything going on with the NCAA today? There's been a couple of upsets. Syracuse is out. Yeah, I heard about that already. And Minnesota's out. It doesn't matter. Duke's going to win it all. I like Kentucky. Kentucky? Can I say right now, write it on... Well, that's an obvious choice though. I don't think anyone's beaten Duke this year. How far do you think St. John's is going to go, Earl? At least sweet 16. Yeah, I think so too. Connecticut still looks good, but I don't know. I just don't see anyone beating Duke. A little sports break for the boys. Wow, I'm out of this one. College B-ball, huh? Now you know how I feel when you start talking about cartoons. I love cartoons, but the stuff you remember about cartoons... I'm like, well, I'll just watch Anthony. I don't know much about college basketball. Well, what's cool is college basketball the next two weeks. It's just really exciting, the NCAA tournament. We could blow off the NBA season for a while. And then get back into the season when it starts getting interesting, I guess. How does this affect me in half-life? As long as... it doesn't affect you at all. If I was over your house, you would hate me. No, I'd be on the computer and you'd be watching the TV. Well, then your wife Jennifer would... Oh, yeah. She'd have a problem with that. Yes. Because I tried to get Anthony into basketball. It wasn't working. It almost worked. Well, I was appreciating their talent. A few years back, it was the Bulls and the Knicks in the playoffs, and I was explaining the game to Ann, like really getting into it. And by the end of the game, it was real close. Anthony is jumping off the couch with me and stuff and really getting into it. I was just kind of like, ah, look at that idiot. Oh, God. You've got to admit, you were kind of getting into it, because I explained it in a way that made it a little more exciting. And your wife Jennifer was giving you a look like, Anthony, don't you dare get into basketball. Well, also, I must say it was the last like 10 seconds of the game that lasted an hour that was exciting. Well, that's always the case. I just, you know, occasionally have my problems with basketball. I don't find it all that exciting. Sorry, it's just me. All right. I'm a little bit loppy now, on the other hand, huge basketball fan. Do you watch any sports? Yeah. Like what? I like watching football. Yeah. It's always fun. Baseball occasionally. You get into your Yanks. Of course. You know, officially, and we explained this last year, I'm a huge Mets fan. Anthony's a pretty big Yanks fan. Yeah. But when the Yankees were in the series, I definitely rooted for them, which I don't know, a lot of Mets fans, I assume, do that. Yeah. What does Nick have a problem with our show? Oh, gosh. Everyone's PMSing today, I think. Yeah, some of them. Hi, NDAW. Hey, you guys are off the itinerary. What's going on? What do you mean, itinerary? The one that your program manager wrote of. I'm trying to follow his damn circle, and you guys are like, oh, what's going on? Well, what haven't we talked about today that we're supposed to, according to the boss? You're talking about sports? Yeah, sports wasn't on the Opie and Anthony format clock that our program director drew up. I see. Well, you guys make a drive home a lot enjoyable. Hey, thanks a lot, buddy. No problem. Bye. We could talk about the stock market. Up today. Again? Yeah, closing in on 10,000. Is it over 99 now? Very close. No, 98 and change, but... 98, high 98? At one point, I believe it was 70 points away from 10,000. Wow. So, doing well, but people are getting a little shaky, a little scared when it does this. And I'm a little scared of the market these days. Why? Because there's something going on. There's something going on. I can't quite put my finger on it, but the sure things aren't as sure as they were a few months ago. As far as the internet stocks or... Everything, a little fluctuation. Oil's going up, though. Have fun with that. That's interesting. Why is oil going up? Inflation's going to go up. We've got to do our oil crisis break someday. Oh, yeah. That is the biggest crock of ass. What, every 15 years we have an oil crisis, right? Yeah, yeah. Somehow there's a shortage. And how do we get oil? We pump it out of the ground. It's from what? Dinosaurs that have been rotting for thousands of years. Is this right? Sort of? Yes. Let's go to the basics of this discussion. It's prehistoric crap under the earth that through pressure, time and heat is converted into fossil fuel. So we have this oil crisis every once in a while. And we can't find oil. So the prices go through the roof, and then everyone has to start buying the crappy small cars and stuff. Yeah, put away your SUVs. And then next thing you know, they find more oil. EGAD. What, what, we just made more oil? No. There's a certain amount of oil. Well, the Arabs hoard it. They were hoarding it. I almost cursed. That's bold. You know what? It wasn't a shortage. There were barrels upon barrels, but they were hoarding it. They always say it's a shortage, though. Of course. They can't find any more. They have no idea where it is, and they got to make more. The energy crisis. Now, make more. There's plenty of it. And in this day and age, if we have to wait on a line to get gas. Be the extra hour of sleep that they're getting. Brrmk. You go by and say, if I were them, I would still be sleeping as well. I think Tom Brokaw could be a wacky DJ in this town, Anthony. Waa, waa. Let me tell you, folks, how about those homeless people? Hey, how many homeless does it take to change a light bulb? How many, Tom? None. There's no light bulbs in a refrigerator box. But you know, folks, I was a little upset yesterday. Yeah? Because you said Tom Brokaw was not exciting. Tom Brokaw was not a fun guy. A guy that exudes humor and laughter and jocularity. Well, your voice is a bore. It does put people to sleep. You slurn all over the place. It sounds like you're on cold medicine. Well, I'm a little drowsy today. Now, why are you drowsy today? Well, since I was installing in a ceiling fan in my office, it fell on the blade, hit my head. I'm a little woozy. But I took great offense to you saying Tom Brokaw was not an exciting individual. So I figured I'd spice things up with a little humor as I sat in on the Today Show for Matt Lauer. Matt Lauer. Matt Lauer. Lauer. Yes. Lauer. So you're trying to become politically incorrect these days, Tom? Well, I see how some of the young comics are using this political incorrectness to boost their careers to a level. Levels, yeah. Levels. So I figured it ought to be Tom Brokaw to do the same. Okay. By telling a few jokes that I understand they're a little off color. But that's how to get ahead these days. Hey, did you hear? Oh, no. The one about the black and the Puerto Rican in the car? No. Hey, who's driving? I don't know. Who's driving, Tom? The police. Oh, my God. But you know, why can't Tom Brokaw say these jokes? Well, because you're a respected newsman. Hey, look, I have a new homeless toilet bowl. Yeah? It's a jar with a flush handle. All right, I'm working on that one. But Tom Brokaw, working my act, holding my craft. Yeah. I'm slinging it from out all of them. Matt Lauer. Are you going to be playing Caroline's in the near future with these jokes? No, no, actually, I'm going to have to start out as, left your balls off in Poughkeepsie, opening for the Dice Man. I see. But it's very funny. Do you have any other jokes you want to try out for our audience? No, no, I just wish I stunk as bad as homeless people. That way I wouldn't have to ever talk to Geraldo Rivera. He's run away because I stunk so bad. Thank you. Boy, I sure have to work on it. Trust me, you stink just as bad as the homeless, Tom. Tom, Tom! Tom Brokaw, NBC Nightline News. Hey, what's that rat on top of Ted Koppel's head? It looks like a homeless guy. Homeless. I see you laughing at me. No, I'm laughing at you, yes. Tom Brokaw. The new Tom Brokaw. He's so funny. Google ha ha, Tom Brokaw. Look, look, I have a wacky horn. Yeah, maybe that will help your jokes if you toot the wacky horn after the jokes. I don't even think Tom Brokaw needs jokes with a wacky horn. Listen, listen. Tom Brokaw, NBC Nightline News. Twenty people killed in an Amtrak accident. See, it'll spice up the news, make things a little more funny. Racial tensions in Los Angeles today as a white mob beats a black man. See, it lightens things up. I don't even have to tell them the Tom Brokaw joke. You might need the slide whistle too, Tom. Let me try that one today. A disaster in the skies, an airline crashes killing 250. Yes, I could use that one. Tom Brokaw. Oh, this might have worked better for the Amtrak joke. Twenty people killed as an Amtrak metro liner derails in Washington. Yes, now we're spicing up the news. Check, please. Check, please. Well, you got the homeless people pissed off at you, Tom. Screw them. And the faux pas caused a stir on the Internet, and NBC's switchboard was overwhelmed with complaints about you. They don't even have phones or TVs. How do they know Tom Brokaw said anything about the homeless? God, you think you could talk about those people? Go on. I didn't know I was being invited into their box every evening. What can I say? Hey, Tom, this is... Boy, those people sure smell like urine. This is top shelf stuff, Tom. Check, please. All right, we'll get you out of this one. All right, Anthony, we got to talk about stacker two here. Anthony seems to have left the studio. I will be sitting in on your commercial for stacker two, a lovely product that I use myself. You should use it. I don't think you're using it yet. No, I did actually take one. The truth of the matter is, Tom Brokaw would be dead if I hadn't taken it. I'm up. You're up, huh? Up as a pup. Well, I took the stacker two once again before the show, and I'm flying. Simple as that, I'm flying. So am I. Okay. Look at me. I'm a madman. I'm out of control. Yeah, you're just... you're zenerific, Mr. Brokaw. Imagine a fat burner guaranteed to work in just 45 minutes or your money back, Tom. The same fat burning muscle building agents relied upon by professional bodybuilders to become rock hard, sculpted, and fat free. So basically this product gives you a boost of energy, which it's doing to me today, and it also burns fat. How about that? And this stuff works within 45 minutes of taking it. You'll become a firm believer in stacker two. Excellent. A great way to get the chicks, obviously. A nice, flat stomach, and you're up and exhilarating. Tom, you need to take another stacker two pill. You're fading on me here. Give me another one. All right. Also, it comes with a money back guarantee. If you don't like the product or it's not doing anything for you, the company will definitely give you your money back. You can give them a call. It's 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-LINE. Thank God. I didn't have to say that. Call today and order the world's strongest fat burner. All right. All right. And you'll get an energy boost as well, just like Mr. Brokaw is getting today. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1027-W-N-E-W, the Rock of New York. That's the band Marvelous 3 and Freak of the Week. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, man. Thanks for checking us out. We appreciate it, as always. We've got a whole new audience driving home right now, so I've got to ask for you guys' help once again. We did this earlier, and a lot of people have helped us, and others have made it more difficult, and it really is. We have noticed, when we read all your email every day, that a lot of you guys have only started listening to the show last week. One guy wrote, he found us Tuesday when Sammy Hagar was in here drinking tequila with us, and now he's hooked. Some people have been with us since day one. Others hated us at first, but we're growing on them a little bit. Others used to like us early on, but now they hate us. It's a whole mess going on. So hard to keep track of. So we're doing a little survey for our radio show. Okay? And we're looking for all the faithful listeners to send an email in the next couple of days. To our email address, not the instant feedback. Because this stuff we read and then it's gone. We want to print this up and stuff and read all of them and kind of take a look at our show, where it's been and where it's going and stuff. So if you're a faithful listener to the show, we need to know just a few things. Your name, how old you are is very important, where you live, and how long you've been listening to us. That's it. Very good. If you've been listening since August, cool. If you've been listening since last week, cool too, I guess. Where have you been? Where have you been? And if you want to put down a few bits that you've liked in the last nine months, that would help as well. Okay? Because we're just trying to get an overall feel of who's listening to the show these days. It'll really, really help us out and we really need you guys to do this. But don't do it through the instant feedback, which everyone seems to be doing, because we can't print that up and read it and do some research on that. So the email address is opac, O-P-A-C-K, at WNAW.com. All right? Very good. And if you forgot that email address or didn't write it down, you can go to the N.E.W. website and you can email us from there. The regular email, not the instant feedback. All right? All right. And we'd appreciate that. Speaking of our faithful listeners, Anthony, you know Paul, the lawyer from Jersey? We love Paul. He's like a regular on our show. We haven't had his voice on, but he likes to email us all the time and fax us. And he pays attention to everything we say on the show. And he writes down, he makes notes, and then he sends his observations to us. Okay? So I got another fax from Paul, the attorney from Jersey. Paul writes, I've been a faithful listener since August 28th, 1998. Even Paul wasn't with us from the beginning? That's a surprise. Well, pretty much the beginning. We started June, what, 15th or so? During that time, I have received the following unforgettable advice from Anthony as words to live by. Uh-oh. Number one, Anthony has said this on the air, if you drive a piece of crap car, don't toot your horn. Right. That's great advice for anyone. Okay. Number two, if women want to attract men, they should hold two juice cans up to their breasts and yell, how do you like these cans? I may have said that in passing. I think taken out of context, it's a little worse. Well, he's got a couple more. Paul, the attorney from Jersey. Number three, it's still okay to drink and drive in New York City and Nassau County as long as you drive a piece of S car that you don't mind losing. You didn't say that, did you? I don't know. If he says I said it, maybe it... Well, it was Anthony's way around the drunk driving law that the mayor has enacted here in our fine city. I could have said something like, it's horrible for anyone to believe you can... and then that sentence, but I don't know what the context is. Okay. Number four, it's okay to ignore your wife and play Half-Life all night as long as you spring out of bed early the next morning without complaint and take the bitch shopping. Oh, wow. I don't think I ever said that. I like to see the tape on that one. I think he's making stuff up now. Well, you have commented about your Half-Life habit. Yes. And you have said as long as you pay attention to your wife the next day and do some chores and stuff, you're okay. Yeah. I've cut my Half-Life playing down quite a bit. There are many more, but these should suffice. Take care, Paul. Paul, if you're still listening, we want the rest of your list because you've only scratched the surface on what Anthony had said on this show. My goodness. And I've been a complete saint. Oh, yeah, yeah. How about coming up for a words from Opie? Words to live by. I'm sure that would be a little more shocking. You can't even think of one. Yeah, I bet. You guys are ready for morning drive. You'll kick his ass. Oh, thanks. We just turned to K-Rock. Blow me, Tom. Well, see you later, Tom. Boy, that Wil Penn-Darvis dude is really good. Yeah, that's some good stuff. Ho-ho! Hey, hey! Yo! Please. Boy, Tom, you scare us. Go there. Go there. We don't care. Hope you're wearing earplugs. All right. Fall asleep at the wheel. All right. Well, we've got to talk about prostate cancer again, Anthony. Well, big in the news, Opie. Do you want to? Joe Torrey. Yankees. What? You want to take a break? You want to do it now? Well, we can take a break and then get into it. Sure? Yeah. Why not? Okay. Why? We'll take a break and we'll talk about it next. Sure. Well, I mean, they have a whole list of celebrities that have had prostate cancer. I see that. And one celebrity jumps right off the page. So, I figured we'd mention it on our show today. So, Harry Belafonte? Well, I was thinking more of Charlton Heston there. Chuck Heston, yeah. Chuck Heston. So, maybe, you never know. Chuck Heston will stop by to talk about his prostate cancer like he did on Larry King about a month ago. Happy survivor. Yeah. Very good. Yeah. Stick around for that and more stupidity. Jeremy? Hey. What do you got, man? This is Jeremy. Yeah. And is this Opie and Anthony? Yes, you're live on the air. What do you got? Well, I heard you guys talking earlier about the guy who writes down the stuff that Anthony says, things to live by. Yeah. And I wanted to add something to live by from Opie. Oh, good. And that's the guy who writes down the stuff that Anthony says, things to live by. Yeah. And I wanted to add something to live by from Opie. Oh, good. And that's the guy who writes down the stuff that Anthony says, things to live by. Yeah. And I wanted to add something to live by from Opie. Oh, good. And that's... Never put your kid on the phone to talk to Opie around Christmas time because he's going to tell them there's no Santa Claus. I don't remember that. Dude, I really thought I it was funny, though. I mean, the kid freaked out and it was great, but I'm never going to let my kid talk to it. I have no idea what you're talking about. I'm sure you don't, right? I don't think there's a tape that exists that actually has me doing that yet. Well, we've got it. got it goes download it everybody is the riot uh... and you're talking about you know people sending in their emails and something how long it was in and all that i've been a loyal fan since the a f days guys are not sure that all here in new york and i don't know if new york appreciate the legend that they have down here there they're really lucky you guys are riot and i wanted to wish you a belated wow day by the way it's on while is coming while it's great while is coming to your get while i'm not aware to for legends in our own minds that's right and i really i'd like that you guys are charming has pretty cool this is for you guys if you're at the show last night johnny lang the right of new york one of two seven w any double you the out infamous pipe song specially for joe tori now that i don't know if it's you guys listeners you wanted us to play that for tori sound well yeah when you get mad at prostate uh... examine they got they got a they got a probe you and all all sorts of regions yeah got getting old and that's just it just socks well everyone is talking about prostate cancer these days who's had and who's beat it my goodness it's not fun obviously for the fact a lot of men and other paper was supposed yeah has a bunch of celebrities that have uh... you know help the disease by talking about it and uh... sit the sydney part of the party a can see the new plant here thank you jerry lewis had an arnold palmer had it uh... bob dole had it uh... marv levy the coach of the bills and stan musial had it michael milken had it norman schwarzkopf and it murder uh... merv griffin harry bella font a louis paragon jesse helms the disease definitely doesn't discriminate i had those fair conan jesse i know about that uh... mayor marion barry marion barry and our favorite chuck caston chuck caston he had a prostate cancer and as he was on larry king discuss in its uh... a couple months back and i guess he has beaten it thus far and uh... frank zappa died of it all away yes well i think i'm not i think i think it's a unit not he didn't catch it early even said he even said in interviews is like yeah i had symptoms and everything i just think he'd had a fear of doctors and just didn't go until it got out of hand and now is that i know is prostate cancer mhm well why does it hurt when i p the hell is that uh... the three after we back you a little leaf now we don't have to leave where the fireproof room right and says that the fact that i let him burn again uh... they will not concentrate on this break is the they're evacuating the building was it a test or something and those who scope that out there go find out if there's an actual fire will hang out the window and scream and stuff the fire department comes kind of important maybe they will take huge uh... ladders and rescue us had to be fine on the same and be pretty cool but uh... yeah chuck has been had um... prostate cancer and thus far he's okay and i got thank you that realize i needed to learn went to my doctor he did not a merciful god that these are the man make it so needed a mental but it is sweet by god the worldwide and you know and you know why why i've been so faithful to give me a disease which you had to put a medal probe in my screen my prostate looked like the stone tablets that the ten commandments were chiseled upon but like that then but i beat it i'd be that awful disease now i just got a beat this thing on my head what is it it's your hair uh... yeah look at it it's like a big red that's what my prostate looked like like my to pay yeah look at it look at it damn you it looks like a monkey ass on my head now mister has been you had the the procedure done for your prostate cancer as i did first day they had to do the examination when i first felt the symptoms it was very hard to chart and to pee very hard and it hurts and you're going to stand there and go go on yeah go on coaxing it along and then finally when it started coming out i would go damn you the pain damn you why can i not urinate so i went to the doctor for a prostate exam you know what that entails he snaps on the rubber glove and examines you wasn't as pleasurable as when zero did it he just flipped the old loin cloth up and put a fuzzy little paw in my ass when a doctor's doing it that isn't too fun especially when i felt him probing probing probing chartens deepest innards and he had both hands on my shoulders damn him damn him to hell where's my music thank you how can i get worked up without my music so uh... i took the bad news that i indeed had prostate cancer and uh... well i had the procedure and now i'm fine well they say some men after they have the procedure mr haston there are other units of the work as well as it before the procedure you know let it be known charlie has been showing is like this that by carrying the intent of that yes i can't my staff across the waters my god it's been functioning and are you trying to say charten is linked yeah and you know do not start that rumor have you destroyed no no and how's your ass my ass after the examination it was a little chafed in red the click of monkey and embarrassing i was walking around in the hospital with that down the government the opening in the back of the and everyone's going to get charlie's and my god it looks like a monkey and degrading and sponge bands it was worse than getting hosed down remember when i got hosed down and the the and you know i had a help you out with that and yes it of course it didn't make noise when i thought it this sounded like but i'm all tightened up now that's good good uh... but that one or so that monkey on my head it was my two-page sometimes i still get started and you know i can i have nice hair what happened to my hair now a lot of people want to know if you're still partaking in the uh... let's say uh... monkey meat you had to get into this all right i admit when i had my prostate surgery it's kind of hard for me to get around at first little art delight gays upon monkey ass yes to where's my by the love of god can't get a longer time my god there you go i do but they did not want to meet the the pledges of the meet of the monkey big red monkey i love monkey ass but you got it out of me can i go now they get the hell out of here you know i have you know i don't you turn and get the goes everyone's shot casted well it worked out well-being that he doesn't like the fact that his music doesn't last a long period the rock of new york one of these seven w any w you to sweetest thing it's open anthony you too is one of those bands that i was proud to admit was one of my favorite bands of all time uh... and now i'm almost embarrassed to say that uh... they're one of my favorite bands we we've had a few of those has ever happened to you of course or other people in uh... the in radio land you know you're really into a band and you do want to tell the whole world you're into them and the next thing you know they start kind of doing things that you're really not into any more like oh man they're really after this uh... that reminds me of my arm the years uh... i think i want you to a joshua tree and i've done baby and unforgettable fire and time goes on hoping that they put out pop and you're like well here and i like you too you know yeah when i i i understand well sometimes i just happens time passes and some bands just either don't keep up with the times are trying too hard to change and i think they tried a little too hard to uh... to change and i love the people that are with their favorite band to the end and i mean to the end a good example journey they went through all the changes in stop but no major is my favorite band and they don't even have what's his name i do in the vocals anymore very perry but now man i'm still with them yeah it's not a journey anymore give it up at that point should give it up anyway well even if you want to go to the after a week a month if you're in the jury that your own business but well flag with a capital f but that's just a good example of a band and you know just went south and said people were hanging on don't know man same thing with an island you know david lee rock and sammy hagar people were still hanging in there and and and a lot of cases are more people came aboard because of sammy hagar like two different bands yeah and then uh... then garish you know sure up the end of the list you can't honestly say that last man i was good but the the the hardcore van halen fans hang on down on the minutes up and the and you know that you can find it's a massive man is some stuff on the cell that's the case but you know i hear you was kind of happening with me and you too it's like when do i officially give up what is it going to take i mean they went to a scale basically with pop and people are you know point with me but no it was it was but dance records i like the other end of the spectrum to the people that are really into bands before they really break and they get totally p o'd when the band breaks newbies coming on board there were commercials sold out man and i have like all cassette tape a metallica you know from like seventy eight and like then they just went to crack like one of the fact is every single band out there wants to make it course you know just plain to to play their here always have this dream of making it and they're all of the old they're all trying to be quotes sellouts in a way yes when they finally do break and make it the story with metallica they wanted to be on the radio forever for years and they were saying their stuff to radio stations you know and then finally broke with the black album it's stupid to think that i would never want to be discovered never want to be huge of the the early fans never wanted to be discovered well ralph jumped in the mass the goal of every band and we have once again signed a record label every day once again sent and sell five million more than a half a dozen dollars five million copies of their record that's for sure and they want you know they want all that goes with it that's the that's the goal of every every band but it does suck when not everyone else discovers your band you know like it is a really yeah i was sure i was so into nirvana when i i swear to you i i was at a station that we're one of the first radio stations in america playing in america and yet america decides seattle that was playing nirvana and i was so into this uh... you know smells like teen spirit i mean the whole album i love and and and then it is broke across the american like out great i was a sold bombs but happy for the band and yeah well i i can kind of uh... relate back in uh... when i was in school and me and of my friends you know joe carrie and are all cronies to hang out with was into a charlie daniels wasn't into charlie daniels but then they they put out that devil went down to georgia song you and then like you see that the preppy dude started with a boots and i had to put you know the cowboy had been in the while you were just in jeans drinking whiskey in the woods and listen into some charlie daniels right and and then they they put that out of like i know now everybody knows who they are not only do they put that wacky song out then radio had to make it even worse by doing what sort of a gun and they had to do two different matters off you can say some of a bench believe in the maker some of the conversion the son of a gun version uh... imagine being a man you got the record say some of the guns of some of the it's well now i'm kind of embarrassed that i was uh... into that but you know you gotta share here there you have it's all about it's a little therapy so everybody on the long island was that's right charlie daniels said that i was never into charlie daniels god jam it was a don't make it sound like you're all that big in the and hide i mean what what what are you into back then uh... deep purple of so was i but i don't think that you got there was a and that makes you cringe now that you were into deep purple not as bad as i don't know what no i mean i had to be another man i was in the purple dot uh... while he's thinking the point i was trying to make it a charlie daniels said the southern rock was so big on long island during that era that was almost a suburb of atlanta that's the way he looked at long island really yes southern rock was huge on the island so to not be a lot of daniels and marshall tucker and all men brothers and uh... everybody that went along black foot and i think you're going to be able to buy the ones you know everybody was into southern rock big time thank you do you don't have a band that you're just embarrassed to have a i mean charlie daniels is even a bad example really know but i mean there's i can't believe and i was like you really and those again is that one and sabbath all you just the coolest guy and then clear and welcome are you on the monkeys uh... i know what you do you know that the call and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i got a little cold it was kind of embarrassing line the but they do know to to be so cool that's embarrassing i i i i i do have one come on you got a one i finally figured out how to have anyone admit this up brady boy hope ready okay i'm ready well back then and then that's okay back then it was i mean i mean i will just will charlie daniels is cool yet but now you think that is what you need that's what i think what i think genesis i'm not going to go on cool from that era new gabriel that whole thing is this is what i think once of crap album the other side of the no i i mean after abacad abacad was borderline okay borderline i mean i i don't even want to brag that i was into that i'm with you with but after that it was all crap here that's how i thought about a starland vocal band so i have to do to light it just about to have the most recent charlie daniels band album either i mean you know that comes a point where this like saturation yeah uh... you know what that blue was the cult i had to give up on blue was the cult after a while they were like my favorite band ever and then after a while just got like one was just sox it's really bad and that was a lot of bands they peak they put out that great album and they never go to that level again well ralph the poor making to the came in late though i was not it's okay was where can we get a sex and i think that we have a good we're going to text i have a good i think that's a good no but people you know they have their their their favorite band when is enough enough we finally have to go out and just like all anymore and we we brought up the example of journey all the hardcore fans still hanging on after steve perry left the band over it's ridiculous at that point there so for jenny i want to state for the love you too you were big you too fast with that i know that i have a conversation is ready to give up on you to know i'd like where that what when do i give up in the last more out there but one more album on my you know as far as i'm concerned but if they don't go back to uh... just a serious uh... you know rock standing out on the candidate did you see bottle when he was on the line always these with uh... the will go over the level of that uh... is a bright yellow tint game over man was good enough you know if you choose listening they got a completely just strip it down and go back to their roots and just let out things whether they had a little bit of president police and uh... though i have a really good news uh... that uh... that special result is that i have a comeback special right away as all of the other guy back to his roots you know that's the only hope they're going to get back to their roots right without the things we want to talk about here but i think i was pretty good for a lot of little discussions every so often screw you guys up on sundown weekend he had to do that redundant now we're going to stop it yet possible if we do a music break we need ralph to tour in here the king of uh... rock knowledge i'm gonna give us a big plus on the break and i think that i have a good idea but i think that the news with the uh... i get a report card every call what's going on and i know we were pulling together a desk since will have to be able to have a little ralph's contribution and i don't know what you like a little bit like a b-minus those call you know but you know you're a little wasted entire from johnny line i what am i getting and you were you were solid that i'll thank you all for you thank you you know i think i still want to know why you didn't get back to you don't grating that's great over there so i can't get out there uh... i don't think i'm getting uh... i had a drink you into the conversation one of his seven w any double you know i can be your car and from up that's lotus and it's before that it's open at the ory we got a guy in the line i was uh... abuse me now you're taking some heat earlier well we got this guy paul is a lawyer in uh... jersey he listens to the show so closely that he talks things down and then he makes observations uh... from time to time and he was given the words of uh... anthony earlier to have the list anymore i don't know if someone i just i hear this the sony outrageous uh... outrageous things you've said to call them anthony's words to live by here here is where to live by anthony number one if you drive a piece of crap car don't teach your heart i've said that i remember saying that that's a good one right sure uh... to if women want to attract men they should hold to juice cans up to their breast and yell how do you like these kids now maybe in some conversation i use that i i don't remember ever saying that i don't know if they're a it's still okay to drink and drive in new york city and nasa county as long as you drive a piece of as car that you don't mind losing i'd probably said that i think i'll pass up to them and number four i don't know i think you took some liberties with this one but never for it's okay to ignore your wife and play half-life half-life all night long uh... all night as long as you spread out of bed early next morning without complaining take the bitch shopping pitch now chance to take a care of that this is a center this is paul the lawyer jen because i know she was in store i think you kind of were talking about that but i don't think you put in those i didn't put in those words now now i said i have to spend as much quality time with my wife as i do playing half-life and if you're a you know play until three in the morning uh... you'll make sure you're up by eight to go shopping and then do the stuff that needs to be on jen and now just the next day has to be you know sit on the couch day and then paul writes there are many more but the issue of suffice for now will paul send in the rest of them but now there's a guy and i can't wait to hear on that yeah well there's a guy on the line i want to get me now okay i guess i've had some uh... words to live by in the past as well i i can't think of any offhand but i a w yeah i hope it yeah what's up buddy i remember two occasions where you're giving out advice to the world there were to live by right at first the first is your your long stand on political correctness which i believe your direct quote was everybody need to lighten the app up okay which i have great in in my everyday life i'm proud of that one and the other is uh... well you do it that at one point that i don't believe that he's really not that hot if you take away the makeup and what clothes but then and today you know no no no i don't know i remember that without that without the fact that i have to be happy about the ability with it i'm in that that and then that's up what that's up off on the table here uh... you know if there's no idea a lot of people were confused who was who yeah so you said it and and uh... that i thought i said it now in passing i may have said john bennett ramsey uh... without the uh... makeup and and cool clothes uh... isn't that hot i think i was probably trying to make a point uh... uh... point that is now that is thank you uh... all right didn't you say where uh... only uh... a couple years away from a legal threesome with the olsen twins i was you too okay that was me but that was your uh... okay uh... maybe i was uh... doing examples of things that should never ever be said it wasn't that the show title that day things that should never ever be said uh... they all came from u n for the really here well i know i'm holding hold it who's the one on this very show when uh... there was a picture on the paper of all jay's daughter how she looks now you know all fat yeah and you said well she's uh... she's not a hot like she used to be yeah i may have seen you say that or something like that i'll take credit for that one yeah i'm remembering that one that's that's not as bad what happened to her she used to be hot and hot that was it if you look at a picture of what happened oh jay's daughter she used to be hot you know i you used that all right i said that but then you had a out to me and you came up with the joe benet ramsey comment you know i don't recall making that statement like that i a w a return for all the ones that we have uh... we're talking about the thought that it is sorry can't the thing you know he he's got it in the prostate strawberry garden of the colon i want to know what's going on the locker room and uh... on my own i've got to have met them all my god what do you what do you want uh... you know i'm not implying anything but it's free hell of a visual there you think that down strawberry one plane time that bad uh... and jay that's just not obviously that's not sexually transmitted you not on this kind of bar that i think that one uh... i think that i thought that i don't have a i got a rock band you're up to pick your own that's horrible this is just taking a turn for the worst now isn't it david a price line dot com on yes they have freshened up the copy for us thank you we love these guys we want to make sure our library for them are uh... sending fresh all the time and i'm looking at some uh... some new points here okay open so let me read through this the first time you can comment as we go along i think it's the best way to handle this new copy and well thank you just breaking down the third wall for everyone let's just hold that spot maybe i have you named your price at uh... price line dot com yet well thousands of people use it every single day that's because price lines the best way on or off the internet to save on airline tickets hotel rooms and home mortgages anthony all look at that there in the whole mortgages uh... business now you've probably heard william shatner talking about price line dot com yes i love price line hey read a couple of letters from price line customers look at this one here by slant thanks to you i saved about one thousand dollars in and then for this customer i've saved over three under dollars on five tickets or this bond the best thing about by slide is that it's great free unlike the thralls they were not free i had to go to the planet and free them but by the line is great and it's so easy anyone can do it uh... yeah price line dot com is very easy just tell price line where and when you want to go and how much you want to pay i want to go to ride a seven-fourth undergott moves a go and then in just one hour you'll find out if your offer was accepted and then one of your or william or whoever that if you are the police state it's one of your that's ours here's the bottom line price line really is great a great way to save money on your next trip whether it's airline tickets are hotel rooms you owe it to yourself to find out what all the excitement is about for details visit price line on the internet at w w w dot price line dot com or give a call one eight hundred price line today about the time you are telephones up the rack of new york one of these seven w any w creed from my own prison that's one soviet anthony and the crew leaving for the almond brothers relative to our been the fact and black or a little on our way even as jacket is black his car is black is that the end to his underwear is black and how would you know he showed everyone a carolines about i don't want to see your own life what i think you know i would be a very good uh... i don't know we're a carolines and uh... everybody was wondering if everything or a war was black that's why we call a black girl because he wears uh... all black and early you volunteered yeah he had a you know what reaching in his pants and it kind of frightening for a second there are some people uh... in fear walking away cronin away and then uh... and where the white women and and clear on uh... indeed pull out uh... black and aware of the and all black and shocker uh... and i have been nine and a half weeks close now we're only one and i had from nine and a half of the world and i have nine and a half of the only way that we do is that's good and now when you're playing basketball down to where like black and black snakes you know uh... told black well then was that you were at his bed his crew the bachelor pad right and then at the circle of the palace now you saw his closet entirely black well to the yankees jerseys