 We went to the theater in Farmingdale by the airport and it was pretty funny. All the key lines that we've been repeating and goofing on here, every time one came up everyone in the crowd would start laughing. I felt honored. I got my pants off my back. It was just like, pfft, you know, all these people. You're just not supposed to be laughing at that point. No, another trend I noticed with the other sister, you know the aisles without seats that they reserve in the movie theater for the handicapped. Sure. Those are full. When the other sisters plan. See, because those are the best seats in the house. Yeah, you can stretch your legs out and say, no, no, no, they are packed. For the other sister. I actually saw a couple of people that were on a date, I guess you'd call them retarded, they were on a date and they were talking through the whole thing. I thought I was getting like this stereophonic surround sound from the movie. Because at one point you're not sure if Diane Keaton is going to show up at the wedding for the two, what do you call them, retarded people. And they get married in the movie. Yes, yes, let me ruin that for you. And from behind me I'm hearing, just show up, just show up, just show up, and that's it, I'm having a wedding. And I'm just like, oh my God, I just saw this on the screen. Yeah. The sex scene, hysterical. Yeah. Hysterical. Why is it hysterical? Well, I didn't know how far they were going to go. Because they finally decided to do it on Thanksgiving. Because Thanksgiving is a special day. So they go, they're at the guy's apartment and they kind of have dinner and go into the, he goes into this bedroom and she goes into the bathroom and they start disrobing. Now I'm watching, this is going on until they're in their underwear. She's like, ah, you look nice naked. And she's wearing these big white bloomers, this huge industrial bra thing. But then they went into the bedroom and that was it. They didn't show anymore. I was hoping for some steamy hard sex. They didn't show the retards sex. No, they did, no. It was a lovely movie. Jen shed a little tear. Did she really? Yeah, I knew she would. Uh-huh. You know, there was some sensitive little moments in there when the guy realized he didn't pass his little test at the school and she did. He's in his doggy suit on the floor crying. Yeah, I was tearing up at that point too. Oh yeah. All right. Hey, before Ralph leaves, because he's got his coat on. Yeah. I'm a big Black Crowes fan, so am I. Went to the Beacon on Saturday night. Want to say hi to everyone I met there, by the way. God, a lot of people love our show, man. Wow, I can't figure that out. The ratings, yeah. You'd never know that. No, not at all. But man, they were reciting bits and everything. Pretty strange. How about that? Maybe they should get a diary or something. I don't know. But anyway, you saw the show, right Ralph? I saw the first portion, yeah. What the hell happened to Chris Robinson? Did he have the same outfit on Saturday that he had on Thursday? Was it like the hot pink? No, he didn't do the hot pink. He had some kind of real bright lime green top on, tight aqua blue stretch pants, no shoes. In his defense, on Thursday night somebody jumped up on stage during Blackberry and he smacked him with the mic stand. Really? Kicked his butt right off stage. They said, you better be ready to fight if you want to come on my stage. Really? So even though he's dressing like Rod Stewart, he isn't. Well, the point I'm trying to make, all of a sudden he's feminine. I've seen the crows, I don't know, at least eight times. Well, according to him... He always had that hippie look. We all saw the beard and the bell bottoms and he's just a dude out there that smoked a lot of dope before he went on stage. He had a glam, feminine thing happening at the beacon which I found just really strange. It's a phase. He's going through a phase. You see him strutting and moving his hips and then... Oh, he always did that. Not like Saturday. Yeah, it's a little more exaggerated. Yeah, major exaggerated. A little swishy. Not that there's anything wrong with that. Well, according to him... No, seriously, the point I'm trying to make is he's obviously changed his complete style. Watch what you say or you'll end up in the paper. We'll get into that later. What about your picture? Well, according to him, the clothes he buys, they come right off the rack. Where? Exactly. Where is this rack? What rack is that? What are you talking about? It just looks like he went to the Liberace School of Performing all the time. He has changed his act, but the band sounded absolutely great. Yeah, that guitarist, they got... Holy... Always forget his name. I forgot his name too. From Cry of Love. He was from Cry of Love. Right. But the big ass afro. It's a strange name. Yeah, he's got big hair. Real big hair, but boy can he play. Yeah. Isn't the rack a club on Christopher Street? Clothes come right off the rack. He's going right to that. And the new CD by your side played just incredibly well at the beacon. I was psyched. Yeah, it did. I went home and... Especially faster. Faster? I like Tavi. Did you? Tavi and... What's the... I don't have the album here. Did you smoke some weed before you went down? I didn't have to. Didn't have to. Exactly. Seventh track off the new CD. Track seven. Played absolutely great. I know all the tracks because I played the CD today. The titles are hard to remember. Oh, man. No one's even going to care, so... Luck it, too. Whatever. You haven't pulled the ready problem. You're going to play the crows later. Yeah. I got it. I'll stall for you. No, because this is my new favorite song. Welcome to the good times. Yes, that is a good one. On freaking believable songs. We'll see these good. All right. Whatever. Enough of that. But it was a great show. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the feminine side of Chris Robinson all of a sudden. It was bizarre. Really? It was strange. I wasn't expecting that. But the band sounded great. But deep down inside, he's still Chris. Yeah, I love him. He's awesome. He hasn't changed a whole lot. No, but he's definitely going for that glam look these days. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. He's going to be a great singer. I'm trying. I'm trying my best not to laugh. I'm in there. There's a bunch of stiffs in there too. Nobody's laughing. All of a sudden that kid starts talking about getting married. I thought about you guys. I'm thinking, I want to get married. I start losing it. I'm laughing uncontrollably. And it wasn't even a funny scene really. And because I think he's like, why are you laughing? Is this funny? Is this funny to you? I was like, kind of. I'm telling you the night went downhill from there. I'm telling you, I didn't get any Tuesday night Hunger Club. Forget about that. I was waiting the whole time for Julia Lewis. I was hoping that the troop box would come out and start kicking ass like a natural born killer. But you know, it never happened. It never happened. Kind of a different role. Yeah. So I don't know. I just want to let you guys know what I thought of it. Well, what do you think of the movie? Did you give it two thumbs up? I give it one thumb up. Because it was funny. Because it was funny. Other than that, it was a total waste of money. And if the price got to $9.50, it would be a complete waste. All right, man. All right. I just want to let you know. Thank you. Later. I think we erected for a lot of people. Now we're getting some feedback here from Laz from Jersey. And he writes, so I'm getting a hummer for my girl on Saturday. The TV was on. The volume is up. The retard commercial comes on. I start historically laughing. She takes offense. Hummer time was interrupted. I end up with you know what. Thanks to you, F'ing guys. Blue balls. Now forget about me even trying to become a member tomorrow. Thanks, guys. Sorry. Yeah. I tell you, people were laughing in the movie theater when the lines came on that we always recite here on our show. 1027W, N.A.W., The Rock of New York. The latest from Tom Petty off his new CD, Echo. That's free girl now. The CD will be in stores April 13th. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony on the way. Some fog hat. Pink Floyd next. And on the line, we got Brian from Comac. Brian? We were talking about it earlier in the show. I guess late last week I was in such a bad mood I decided to give away the ending to Message in a Bottle. Kevin Costner movie, yeah. And I just want to save a lot of the guys a trip to the movie theater knowing that the chicks would drag them to the theater because it's been labeled a chick flick. Right. So I went on the air and just told everyone that Kevin Costner dies at the end of the movie. But then we said that's not good enough. We really needed someone to go to the crowded theater and just before the movie started to stand up and yell it to everyone that's sitting there waiting for the movie to begin. Yeah. Well, Brian and Comac did it. Really? You got to take her. Well, let's see what it's all about here. Brian? Yes. It's you? Yeah, it is. You got the tape of this or what? I got it. Get out of here. So explain what happened. What theater you go to? All right. We went to the Comac multiplex. Yeah. So we go in. We get it all. We scattered out. We can't have any movie theaters. It's down so we can have the car waiting in the back. I don't feel like getting shot or nothing. I go up. I buy one ticket. I felt like such a loser going in there with one ticket. I walk all the way to the front. Sit down. I wait until the coming attractions are over. It's perfectly quiet and music's coming on. I get up. I scream it out. Kevin Costner dies at the end of this movie. And I just ran out. I wish I had a bullhorn, but I didn't. So I went to the middle, waved my hands, got everybody's attention. So what did they do? I don't know. Like everybody was looking around like, what the hell is going on? And then I just ran. Wow. I went out the back door. That's funny. And then what? You had the getaway ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. You had the ticket. Go, go, go! Oh my God! Stop! You got it. You lunatic! That's awesome! We've got to hang out with you, man. I've been listening to you guys since the beginning, man. The Cuban song, hold on. Yeah. I love it. Cool. Hey Brian, you're the man. Hi, dude. You'll have to do it again next time. I'm going to be the man. I'm going to be the man. I'm going to be the man. I'm going to be the man. I'm going to be the man. You'll have to do it again next chick movie that comes out. I'll do it. Give me a bullhorn. Yeah, definitely. We'll get you a bullhorn. We'll get you all set up next time. No problem. Because you definitely have the balls to do it. Mike Spratt was driving the getaway car. All right, thanks guys. Getaway car. Well, thanks a lot for helping our show out. No problem. All right, man. Later. There's Brian, everyone. That's great. Look at him. He's a go-getter. That's awesome. Absolutely awesome. We're looking for more people to participate in our show. Yeah. Brian took it upon himself. He picked up on something we were doing and he did it. One of our foot soldiers. 1027W, N.A.W., the Rock of New York. Latest run, Collect a Soul. That's run off their CD Dosage. It's Opie Anthony on the way, Fog Hat. And we'll do a track from the Black Crow's latest CD for all the people that went to the shows this past weekend at the Beacon. Hey. I just loved it. It was one of the loudest shows though I've seen in recent years. My ears were ringing. I think until this morning. Until this morning. Getting a little older and it bothers you a little more. When you were in your teens and stuff, you didn't care. I used to go to that, what was that place, the Long Island Arena in Comac? You'll see bands play there. Yeah, Molly Hatch, it's playing with Skinner. And just, you didn't care. You're right by the PA just getting blown out. Didn't matter. I don't know. I went to the show Saturday and now it's like I need earplugs. Well, even late last night I'm just hearing... I thought it was the middle of summer because I felt like I was listening to crickets and stuff in my ears. Yeah, I can't take the volume like I used to. Oh man. I need the TV on at night all the time because if it's too quiet in the room that's all I hear. It's like I've got two seashells. Two big conks near my head. What? Conk shells. Oh, conks. What the hell have you been up to? Nothing worse than having a little baby. Nothing worse than having two big smelly conks by your head. Oh well. Opie, are you gearing up? For what? Y2K? Oh yeah, I'm just freaking out about it. I'm reading in the paper a couple of senators, Chris Dodd and Robert Bennett, are saying that it's going to be catastrophic. Y2K, of course, year 2000 rolls around. Computers can't identify it as 2000 so it reverts back to what it knows. It's 1900 and everything just screws up. Planes fall out of the sky, Opie, because air traffic control isn't working. The computers on board the planes don't work. The banks won't work. You can't get your money. It's anarchy. Well, how much money do you need for a day or two? A day or two. It's going to crash everything. A couple days before the year 2000, I'll take out a couple hundred bucks and I'll be fine. That's what everyone says. Go to the grocery store a week before. What's going to happen? They say stock up on canned goods. stock up like you were stocking up for a huge storm, they say, or even like nuclear holocaust. Why? How does the food get to the United States or to your supermarket? In a truck. So what's going to be the problem? That you need to stock up on food? You won't be able to buy it. You won't have money. People won't have cash. They won't have the banks. The registers won't work in the supermarkets. It's going to be a huge catastrophe, Opie. You don't believe it? Neither do I. Not really. Not really. I mean, what's the Chinese New Year? What is that now? The Year of the Hare. It's over what, 4000, right? Yeah, something like that. Well, how did they handle their Y2K? Their Y24. With their abacus. Didn't their abacuses screw up? Well, I was watching Meet the Press and stuff this weekend. Yeah, I do watch those programs. I know it's a surprise that Opie and Anthony try to get some intelligence in their lives. They were talking about the threat of nuclear war with the Y2K. Yes. And one of the senators said, a likely scenario is if we needed to launch a nuclear attack when the Y2K, the Year 2000, hits, they won't be able to. Oh, because some people are saying they'll just launch indiscriminately. No, they said the odds of that happening are so slim it's not even worth talking about, but the other is true. If for some reason they need to launch some rockets New Year's Eve 2000, that could be a problem. For a little Dick Clark display? We're going to launch a few nuclear warheads for you. Oh damn, they didn't work. You know? Hmm. I don't know. That would be a perfect time for another country to attack us. Yeah, because we would think it was a glitch. Yeah. So I would look out for a nuclear attack. Okay. Although there's no one really left to attack us. I don't know, man. The Russians are going to... No, I miss the Soviet Union. Haven't you seen 60 Minutes and stuff and what's going on with the nuclear warheads in Russia? Yeah, but they're so broken up over there. I'm talking about... They don't know where their missiles are anymore. Yeah, but what's one or two? They lob them over. It's nothing. They say the guys that guard them, they're so poor they don't have shoes or nothing. They're selling. The odds are they could take a bribe and sell them. Or they sell them off to the Arabs. Well, you know what it is? It's very touchy, but you're not getting that whole... See, I miss when we had the Soviet Union. It was this united thing we could all hate and be afraid of. Remember, there was always this constant looming of a nuclear war that we lived under? God, I miss that. That fear was kind of fun in a weird, strange way. And I think it brought us all together as a country, Opie. See, maybe that's why there's so much bickering in our borders these days. You know? It's because we don't have a common enemy like the Soviet Union to hate anymore. It was always like... You know, remember Uncle Ronnie used to get and make his speeches? The evil empire. Well, the bombing starts in five minutes. Don't you miss that? I do. The Ruskies? Not at all. Because, I mean, we got the Chinese, okay. They're in superpower and they have the bomb, but their rockets suck. You know? We launch a missile. And then they light the fuse and the big wooden stick missile goes off. So you're saying they have nuclear technology. Well, they don't really have delivery systems. They don't have a delivery system? Although Bill Clinton is trying to change that. He's selling the treason. What is he doing? He's selling them stuff, right? Okay, yeah. Bear with me. They, Mr. Clinton, a bunch of companies want to launch satellites at a cheap rate. So they go look to China and their rocket delivery systems to launch it. We launch a discount. Okay, sure. So every time they launch them, their rockets blow up. Maybe we should not put gunpowder in North Kong. Yoshi, light fuse! But they keep blowing up. So these companies go, hey, why can't the Chinese build good rockets? Well, they don't have the technology. So they give a bunch of money to Bill Clinton for his campaign and stuff. And Clinton lightens up the restrictions on selling technology to China. So he gets the money from the companies. The companies get the cheap rate from China. China gets rocket technology from the United States that they promised not to use in their military program. Oh, yeah. Oh, we promise! Cross finger! You know it damn well, and they've proven that they are using it. So that's our buddy Bill Clinton also, Mr. Treason. Not only are the rockets in his pants getting him in trouble, but Chinese rockets. Well, now the senators want Clinton to comment on the rape charge. Yeah, that too. Yeah, yeah. He's the woman making rape allegations. Well, they're saying this is more serious than anything else he's had his face. Now come on, what are you going to believe, a crying woman or me? Wait a minute. Yeah, well, there's nothing going to stop Bill. Don't worry about it. All right. There you go. He ought to leave Utah, I see. I notice that. You think he got in a fight with his wife? He cut short his little vacation in Utah. They didn't say why. Well, it'll come a little screaming, hey, ski bunny! I'm Bill, come here! Skiing down the mountain leaving a track right down the middle of the skis. I'm so attracted to you. Well, the interesting thing about their ski vacation, Chelsea and Hillary are all over the slopes skiing like mad women, and Bill's back at the lodge and he claims he just doesn't ski. He had ligament damage the last time he tried it. What was he doing? What do you think he's doing? Maybe another hot toddy. Yeah. I could teach you to ski though. Let me get right behind you here. Probably judging the wet t-shirt contest and stuff on his wife and daughter on the slopes skiing. Did you see that? He's at some frat party looking thing. Hey, woo hoo! He's doing keg stands. I'll tell you what, honey. I'll blow the sacks. And will you? All right. Well, on the way we'll do the rush. We'll do the black crows for you. All right, Anthony. We were talking about the Y2K problem and on the instant feedback, Brian from Staten Island writes, what's the problem with our world? Do you think the people at the supermarkets and the banks can revert to pen, paper and a calculator for a few weeks? Why can't people do what they would have done before we became so dependent on computers? America is getting stupider as technology improves. All right. I don't know. Then what do you do with the money once you have it? You've gotten it from your pen, paper, calculator. You bought it, the transaction, the supermarket gets it. You pretty much do what we did before computers until we figure out exactly what's going on. No, but what about the total anarchy and looting? This is going to be insane, they say, Opie. It's going to be the best New Year's ever. It's going to be nice and bright. There will be fires everywhere. Looting, shootings. Is it going to be like Lord of the Flies? Yeah. Yep. Exactly, that's what they're saying. On the streets of New York it's going to be Lord of the Flies. All over the world. All over the world. They are just going to go nuts. That's it. It's the last blast. I'll join you. 1027 W-A-D-W, the Rock of New York. Rush free will from Permanent Waves, Sophie and Anthony. You've got to tell me when you're hitting that mic, my friend. What happened? I was just screening a couple of clips off of the Dice Man's new album. He's got a new album out. Yeah. Andrew Dice Clay's Filth. I was checking out some sound bites and I was hitting a wave right when you hit the mics on it. All I know is he was bitching about some kind of fluid. We've got to get a copy of the CD. Yeah. We should have that in our hands. We should. Absolutely. I'm going to check out a couple of clips. Maybe we can have Dice come in later and premiere his album for us. Are the clips on the computer funny? I don't know. Not really. I can't play them on the air. Of course, because it's the regular dice, not the TV dice. Not the cute cuddly dice? The cute cuddly dice, no. Okay. Also today we're talking about the Y2K problem a little bit. John from Brooklyn writes, through the radio, that he's going to be a good friend of Dice and Brooklyn writes, through the instant feedback, My sister is in a panic mode and is hoarding canned goods as we speak. When I lost it and started laughing, she asked me what I planned on doing. I told her I've got a firearm. I'm just going to take her stuff. There you go. Yeah, the people that are hoarding your goods, you're the ones that everybody with guns are going to take it from. If it gets down to the Lord of the Flies scenario, then that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to get weapons and we're going to take your stuff. Yeah, we need a little anarchy, don't we? And then John goes on to say, seriously, people need to get a life. Things that are run by computers may be a little twitchy for a couple days, but the world is not going to end. Just to be on the safe side, don't plan on flying anywhere on the New Year 2000. I heard that in China, all the computer administrators and airline officials have been told that they are all scheduled to be on airliners on January 1st, 2000. That's a little way to get incentive up. To get it fixed? That's what he says. I guess the idea is that they will either solve the bug or get creamed in the process. Wow. So, you ever see my movie Omega Man? Yes, Mr. S. About the end of the world, that's what the Y2K is going to be like. A bunch of people running around with guns, shooting for food, supplies. I had to build my apartment into a fortress against the masses of mangled mutants trying to take my food. Damn them. Well, you could just eat whatever's living on the top of your head, Mr. Hester. That's a rat! You got me that time. I was frightened of my toupee. I thought for a second Xera was on my head. Which wouldn't be a bad thing. No, yes, I did partake in Xera. Yes, I love the monkey meat. Damn. Damn. Damn you to hell! For a fresh second opinion and free videotape, call us at Staten Island University Hospital, 1-800-285-4584. 1-800-285-4584. Now how the hell are we supposed to go into an uptempo record after hearing that commercial? Isn't that like that Casey, that case of tape? And now a long distance dedication. This one goes, wait a minute, wait a minute. How the hell are we supposed to go into an uptempo record after a commercial about people dying? What am I supposed to... Alright, hold on, hold on. Hi, I'm Casey Kasem. And now a song about a little dog named... Look, how many times do I have to say this? You can't go into an uptempo song after a spot about tumors! Hi, I'm Casey Kasem. And now a song about a little dog named Snuggles. I want to party with that guy. I'm depressed. We've heard that commercial a hundred times. We will take care of the moustache, the teeth in the neck, groin, chest, leg. Yeah! I want to party with that guy. Could you pass the keg? I know cancer is not a joking matter, but... Of course not. Don't you like, I don't know, laugh at heroin before you did your live re? Like... Come get lasers! Radioactive seed implantment! Chemo! I guess there's no way to... Yeah, you need that guy. You need that guy, Opi. What are you looking for? Come on. I don't know. Major surgery! We'll cut your lungs out! No. We will treat cancers in the neck, chest, leg with radioactive seed implantment. You know, you don't want happy, fun songs. I guess you made your point, Anthony. Thank you. All right. Time to go into an uptempo record. The Rock of New York, $102.70. The Rock of New York, $102.70. W-A-D-W, David Bowie, it's Opi and Anthony on the way. Some Jimi Hendrix, and I think we could sneak some Nirvana in as well. Stick around. And you thought you were having a bad day. Why? This is the sickest thing I've ever had in my life. Not ever, but... California, a motorist was killed when an airborne cow smashed through the windshield of his pickup truck, striking him in the head, Thursday. Ah, come on, really? Come on, really? California Highway Patrol said that a 750-pound, one-and-a-half-year-old heifer wandered onto a road during a stormy weather last Wednesday. A 1983 Mercedes Benz traveling north on the road hit the animal, sending it hurling into the air and into the path of the Toyota Pickup, which was traveling south. The cow fell through the windshield and killed the driver, who, by the way, was wearing a seatbelt. That matters at that point. When a cow comes through your windshield... In the interview with the officer that was on the scene, this is about as freaky an accident as you can imagine. God, you've got to get to the pearly gates and protest a little bit for that one. You think? Well, what do you do in your life or a past life where the good Lord deems it reasonable that a cow flies through your windshield snuffing out your life? Think about it. You're in heaven. You're the man, though. I don't know. You have to... You're like the man. I am treated like a man. What am I, the coyote from The Road Runner? What is that? You get up to heaven and you're like, all right, God, what's the deal with the cow? When you die, you might as well go in style. That's not style. That's silly. Just imagine the conversations you could have sitting around in the heaven's bar drinking with your pals. Style is a hail of gunfire as you're parachuting down into a city to recapture your village or something. Yeah. Maybe perishing in the giant wheels of a combine. Combine! No, I don't know. That's not style. That's silly. That's a goof story that radio people talk about. You're all of a sudden the joke, you know? You've got to get up there and go, come on, cow? Come on. That's worse than the guy with the pipe that went through his windshield all along. That's horrible. That's just insane. See? But this is no less insane. It's just got more of a silly twist to it because it's a cow. True. Oh, gee, thanks, God. Thank you for a cow through my windshield. Appreciate it. What do you think when you see that coming at you? I don't know. You try to duck? Turn on your wipers? What's the last thing that goes through your head? The horns. That was like a... Wacky horn. That was like a slow pitch right down the middle for Anthony to swing over the fence. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Got something to add to this mess. Do we have faxes coming in? I don't know. I haven't seen any. 212-957-W-N-E-W or you can give us a call. 212-757-1027. We're busy reading our article that's in Stepping Out magazine. Is this on newsstands yet? I don't know. We're on the front page of Stepping Out magazine. We've got the cover, Anthony. Oh, well. This is our first cover in New York. It's our cover issue. Look at that. Chauncey picked the best picture of us, I must say. Oh, yeah. Thanks, Chauncey. We look absolutely miserable on your cover. No. He doesn't. We don't have the power to pick our own pictures, Opie. No. I guess it comes out Wednesday because it says from Wednesday, March 3rd, Stepping Out magazine. Yeah. W-N-E-W. What a shock. Opie and Anthony. How about that? With a huge article inside. There's me giving the finger. There's Anthony picking his nose. That's his anus. All right. Talk about Howard in here and Boyd Gehry. I'm just scanning the article. Rocky Allen. When did we do this interview? Like six months ago, right? Yeah, this was done six months ago. What took so long? Okay. Because now it's like, let us do an interview now. Yeah, we need a follow-up interview. Yeah, definitely. Chauncey, if you're listening, we need a follow-up interview. Things have changed since you interviewed us. We need to update our answers on, let's say, 99.9% of these questions. Well, take it out for yourself. It's the latest issue of Stepping Out magazine. On newsstands, I'm assuming Wednesday, you'll see our mugs on the cover. Does Stepping Out sound like a gay magazine? I always thought it was. Yeah. So now we're going to be on the cover of this Stepping Out and it looks like, you know, like Out magazine. We're being outed, Opie. We're previewing the new Dicey. This is funny stuff. Off mic because... Not the way it's meant to be funny. We haven't found a clip yet that we can even put on the radio. It's horrible. 1027W, N.A.W., the Rock of New York. That's the band, Indigenous, and the song, Now That You're Gone. It's Opie and Anthony. Quickly got to read Steve's instant email here. He's, I'm assuming, the owner of Amazing Heroes in Union, New Jersey. Guys, I thought you would like to know that the wedding of Popeye and Olive Comic is due in stores this Wednesday. I just got my invoice and comic stores should have them then. They did the press release a little early. It couldn't hurt comic stores to let people know. I have your show on in the store every day. Keep up the great work. All right. Of course, we're all over that Popeye and Olive oil getting married thing. Yeah, boy, we talked about that a while ago. Steve, if you are listening in your store, send us a copy. Yeah, we'll have to read some excerpts from that. Yeah, we'll get Popeye into... Couple of excerpts. To read from the issue where they get married. I wonder if the honeymoon is in there. That's the part I want to hear. What about any pusky? I want to see what that's all about. Cool. Someone is trying to get us in trouble because we used the word pusky in the radio. I didn't know that was an offence. I didn't know it was one of the words you couldn't use on the air. Pushky. Is that part of George Carlin's words you can't use on the air? Let me think. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh... No. And pusky. You can say pusky. No. But we have another complaint to the FCC over the word, PUSKY. People have to get lives. It's called a life. Look into it, please. Thank you. Hey, you know, we've got a brand new audience here. All the people heading home from work. We've got to play Brian's call from earlier. That was a good thing he did. We like when people get involved in the show and do little ideas that we might come up with here in the show. Opie revealed the ending of the Kevin Costner movie, Message in a Bottle, saying that Kevin Costner indeed dies at the end of this movie, hoping to keep women from dragging their poor guys to this chick flick. Exactly. And it worked. And some of the emails were good. Yeah, it seemed to work. So then we wanted to go a step further. We were asking all the listeners out there if someone was brave enough to go to a movie theater this past weekend and just before the movie started, to stand up and give away the ending of the movie while everyone's sitting there getting ready and psyched for the movie. Ouch. 1027W&W, the Rock of New York with whole celebrity skin. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, Leigh-Anne. Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate it. We're in a much better mood today. Yes, we are. Indeed. So, Anthony, do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a fag? I don't actually like the terminology you're using, Opie. I use it in a loving way. Do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a fag? Alright, I'll be politically correct. Anthony, do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a pickle smuggler? Do you want your picture in the paper next to the greaseman? What? And Imit's? Alright, do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a butler? I don't even know what you're talking about, Opie. I don't understand your use of the word butler. No, he's an actor. I don't think he's a servant in someone's home. If that's what you mean, I don't know what you're getting at there. A pickle smuggler? I don't think there's any need to smuggle pickles. I think they're accepted in any port in the world. Alright, do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a butt wrangler? A butt wrangler? Let me think. Would that include riding horses to wrangle the butts? What is a butt wrangler, Opie? A butt pirate? A butt pirate? I don't even know what that means. Do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a sword swallower? I remember seeing him at a very young age on television. I don't remember any circus footage of swallowing swords or anything of that nature. Anything of the sort. So I would say no. Are you trying to hint at something? I'm getting that you're not being very direct with these questions. Alright, I'll be direct. Do you think he sucks on the love stick? Well, I'm not sure what type of tree the love stick comes from. I've never heard of the love tree. So I'm not sure what the love stick is. And whether he partakes in sucking of it, Opie. Alright. So if you want to clear things up, do you think Leonardo DiCaprio is a homosexual? Oh, a gerbil jammer. Oh, well yeah. I want to say what his sexual preference is. Well, there's a big story in the paper today and I was just wondering. A big story in the paper? Yes. He was in his hotel in Thailand where he was filming a movie. This beautiful blonde girl comes in. And they describe her as a beautiful buxom blonde. Yes. Comes in and starts taking her clothes off. Okay. Let's see. Let's see. Let's do a little multiple choice and see what you would do. Okay. Beautiful buxom blonde taking her clothes off. He was in bed and he was woken by this. Okay, let's see. Okay, listen, listen, listen. Makes $20 million a movie. Okay. He's single. Yes. Kind of has a girlfriend that he just started seeing. In Thailand, it doesn't count. He's on the other side of the world. And what does he do, Anthony? Alright, let's see. Let's see what I would do. A. Jump on her and have wild, passionate sex. And no one will ever know. B. Sit down, have a little chat, a couple of drinks, then jump on her, have wild, passionate sex. Can I add C? C, yes, you can add C. Make or make like the Titanic and go down. Yes. Okay, is that an option? Okay. Or D. Let's see. A. Scream, call security and have her removed. Well, I know it's not C or D. Let's see, D. Yeah, I think that's a little odd. But he's the kind of guy I guess could get any girl he wants. But, I don't know. Security! He called security and had her removed. I would at least watch the script show for a little... Yeah. I mean, if she's naked, you know she doesn't have any weapons on her. Yeah. You could do a cavity search, something, right? Yeah. You know, she's naked. You know, I didn't even think of that. She's naked so she doesn't have a weapon. So she's safe. He's kind of a guy so it's like he could offend her off if she just starts going at her with fists. And then you just... You can even set up rules. Okay, you stay on that side. I'm going to put the chair here. You can't pass the chair. And you sit on the bed and go, alright, dirty girl, now. Now, yeah. Yeah, see that ice bucket? Take the cubes out of there. Now rub them on those nips. Yes. You're a dirty little girl, aren't you? It's the perverted Bob Ross, everyone. Yeah, yeah. Now I'm going to take my paintbrush, dip it in this Lizarin Crimson. I'm just going to paint up your ass now. That's good. Yeah, yeah. Now sit on the bedspread. Look at the pretty pattern that makes. Those are your happy little ass cheeks, aren't they? Now come over here. I'm just going to load a lot of paint up on your bush. There we go. Just load a lot of paint up on there. This is my own special brand. Sort of. Alright, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. What? What? I'm having fun. What? Like, I don't know how far to go, Obie. Look at Obie censoring me. Why don't you go upstairs with them frigging suits? Oh, oh. Go up with the suits if you're going to censor me too now. Oh, look. For God's sake. My God. Alright, alright. I'm trying to save you from having another picture in the Daily News next to the Grease Man, Don Imus and some, and Lauryn Hill. What? That was your statement that got me in trouble. Well, we'll talk about that next, I guess. Come on. What a surprise. I was barely awake and having my first cup of coffee yesterday morning and I'm turning the paper and it's always scary to see our faces in the paper. Even scarier than mine. Yeah, because we just know nothing good ever comes of that. Yeah, I know. If you see our pictures in the paper, you can be guaranteed that the story to follow is not pretty. It's never under the headline, Really Cool Guys. Fun and hijinks with the Obie and Anthony Show. Raised $100,000 with their latest telethon. No, no. That just isn't it. It's usually bad. Even though we do do a plan, never mind. Yeah, right. We do, though. We've raised a lot of money. Usually they don't care about that. They just want the dirt. That's right. When we talk about this next, will you be censoring me? I don't censor, shut up. Will you be censoring me? Shut up. What? I was in the middle of my Bob Ross beer. I'm cut short. All right, go back to it. It's done now. Where am I going? Well, I thought you were going to, you know. What if I've been doing this for a couple of years now? I think I got the swing of what I can and can't say. All right. Holy Jesus. I was just trying to save you from another quote that Hinkley was going to put in his column. I had no problem with my little quote. From Liberty Paint, that his girlfriend, Dee, is in heat and that I have an urge to suck his big hard. Wait, wait, don't be. What are you saying? Now you're censoring me? Son of a gun. His big hard. Tonight when he gets home from work. Thank you, Dee. P.S. please, I'm counting on you. You guys, long time listener. Love you. There you go. Message relayed. That is so hot. There's some stuff going on out there. You think Bill's driving off the road right now? Probably. That is just so hot. Speeding. That's it. All right. Should we play Name the Racist now? Hey, stop it. What? What are you talking about? Just a new game on the Opie and Anthony show. This is out of control. It's just a new game that I came up with. It's called Name the Racist. All right. Why are you playing this game and what do you have in your hand? Well, because I think everyone could play along at home if you have the daily news from yesterday. David Hinckley's lovely column. David, what are you, a mental patient? David, you're insane. Anyway, there's four pictures at the top of David Hinckley's column and they are Anthony with his Samuel Adams hat on. Which I'm not wearing today. I'm incognito. He's in the top left corner and then you have Lauryn Hill right next to him. Below Lauryn Hill, it's kind of like the Hollywood squares. No, just like it. But three out of the four are racist according to David Hinckley. Below Lauryn Hill is the greaseman who got fired last week for his comments about Lauryn Hill. And then right under Anthony is Don Imus. Is Don Imus. From the Imus in the Morning program on 66FAM. Hey, where's McCord? The article pretty much hints that not only was the greaseman racist last week, that Anthony's comments could be interpreted as racist. And Mr. Imus' comments last week as well. I think Mr. Hinckley was reaching, he saw an event that took place with the greaseman and his comments, deplorable, and tried to put a local spin on it with local DJs. And he picks our show. And I guess Imus said something, I don't know. And tries to make a story of it. Tried to make an issue of it. He was definitely looking for a story. He got his facts all wrong. First of all, he says we were talking about howling monkey ale. And we weren't. We were talking about steel reserve malt liquor. The posters of which hang in Harlem are interpreted by some people as racist ads. They show two turtles humping. Now we also had howling monkey ale in the studio. So I said, I don't see what is racist about a poster showing two humping monkeys. I saw the howling monkey bottle and we were talking about howling monkey beer and steel reserved malt liquor. And then right after I said, I mean humping turtles. You in turn turn around and make a joke of it like it was some kind of racist comment. I just said it was the most outrageous thing ever heard on an Opinion Anthony show. But if you're listening to the broadcast, I was obviously joking. It was a verbal faux pas that was just jumped on by Opie as some form of racist comment which it wasn't even close to being. And then he picks up the ball, Hinckley, and writes it like it's some kind of a story. A huge issue, yeah. Like it's an issue. With everything else we did on our show last week, he picked up on that. X-Nay. I was like whew. But we dodged the bullet. He didn't even have his facts straight. None of them. And then I like his little closing line. He writes, he just gets a little uncomfortable when people born of privilege make jokes on the back of underprivileged people. Mr. Hinckley, I lived in my frigging car for a while. I don't know where I'm getting lumped in with a group of people that are of privilege because of my color. I'm a white guy because you lump me in with a group of people that you deem privileged. That means I'm a privileged guy. I was born of privilege. I was pretty broke, Mr. Hinckley. I lived in my car for a while. I did not have a home. And I made something of myself so I could live a life and get to the point I am now. And you're still not privileged. Right. Thank you. You're in your bed, man. Yeah. But to be lumped in with a group of people, it's the same thing, him saying that, as me lumping in somebody with a group of underprivileged people just because of their color, Mr. Hinckley. So if we could all just be individuals instead of being lumped into groups all the time, I think we'd do a lot better as a people together. Wow, this article really ticked you off, man. Well, you see, he's an ass. He wrote, he tried, he knew, all right, here's a big story in radio. Oh, I'm the radio columnist. I better come up with something. Let's see. I'll grab something here, grab something there. There we go. So he tries to make something of nothing. I wonder why he didn't put any of Howard's bits in there. A little afraid of Howard, are you, Mr. Hinckley? Hmm? Or maybe, maybe it's kind of, see, Mr. Howard uses characters. In his bits. See, you've got to be more like Mr. Howard. I'll bring you over to Mr. Howard's office. You can talk to him. See, that's the chick. Mr. Howard uses characters. But come on, Hinckley, what are you talking about? It's the funniest thing you've ever said, man. It's such a non-issue, that thing. If you're going to grab at anyone's slip of the tongue and write that in the paper, that it could be a racist comment, we'd better all start holding our tongues. We'd better all start walking around with speech writers so we can talk like the president, not understand a word they say. Or Alan Greenspan, even. Or Alan Greenspan. You ever notice how politicians talk? When they're asked a simple question, hey, what do you think about this? And they're, well, given the latitude of the situational climate in the, you know why they say that? So every word is written by a speechwriter so it cannot be interpreted or twisted any other way. So they talk like robot idiots. It's going to get to that point where every human being walking in the face of the earth has to have a speechwriter. Or else, oops, I said the wrong thing. You're fired! You know? Yes. Yes, Opie. Very good. That's my statement on my fun little picture in the Daily News, Mr. Hinkley. And you know what? It was still funny as hell. See, you've got to be more like Mr. Howard. Use character. Anyway, what were you saying about Alice in Wonderland? Because we're kind of on the subject a little bit here. Yeah, there's things like that just blow by. I don't know. Alice in Wonderland, watching it last night. I couldn't watch it. Martin Short with a big head. A little disturbance. Yeah, I was just like, I don't like him with a medium-sized head. I didn't want to see him with a big head. Well, Jen kind of wanted to watch it. Was it good, honestly? I was playing Half-Life. I have no clue. But I saw a couple of scenes. There was one scene where she's in the rabbit's house and she drinks the little potion and grows to this huge size. And two Irish guys come over to the rabbit and they're trying to figure out how to get the big Alice out of the house. Well, one of the Irish guys is calling the other Patty, which is a derogatory term to Irish. And at one point, one pulls out a flask and the other one grabs it and, sorry, takes a drink. I mean, that is, if you want to really pick at things, is degrading and derogatory towards Irish. But that's on TV. Hmm? Hmm? I see Star Jones this morning on The View. She's mentioning how bikers are being discriminated against in some restaurants because of their leather and hats and tats and chains. And she says, well, let me tell you, if I walk into a restaurant, I'm not going to sit next to a biker like that with all that big jacket and stuff. I'm thinking to myself, now what if you turn around to Star Jones and say, if I walk into a restaurant and I see a black gentleman wearing big baggy pants, I'm not going to sit next to him. She'd freak out. Of course she would. Yeah. Well? Hypocrisy. Hypocrisy running rampant. All over this lovely nation of ours. But all right. We got it. We got it. We got to get it together, people. But you like making fun of the Irish, right? Well, who doesn't? But okay. You scared me there. I thought you were like, you know. And then I see the other one. Who's the comedian on that show? I use the term loosely. She's not a comedian. Joy Behar. Joy Behar. She's talking about, they had a story about some Hispanic kid who at 12 years old started having a beard mustache and the school made him shave. And there's some kind of a thing going on where in Hispanic communities, shaving at 15 is like this groundbreaking thing. So she turns around and goes, well, in Italian families, the girls have the same role. Yeah. That's just funny. You can twist it around though saying, come on, it's an Italian slam. Yeah. But where's the outcry? You know what I mean? What can I say? Just pointing out some hypocrisies. All right, Earl. Thank you. That's about the little daily news article. That's how I feel. Earl, do you like Anthony's picture in the... Isn't that good, Earl? Thanks. Just me and you can't hang out anymore, Earl. Isn't it cute? I wish. You make them look like you. God, look how old Imus is though. What are you talking about? I didn't realize how old he was. Did they count the wrinkles on his face to see how old he is? Hmm? What? Yeah, I don't think I'm wearing my big WFAN bandana around my neck. Do I got it on in that one? No, you don't. I got my big dopey cowboy hat on. No, you don't have the goofy cowboy hat. You got that stupid jean jacket on though. I don't know why. You've got to be lumped in with the likes of Anthony from your show. Yeah, and the greaseman there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Imus in the morning. 66. We have you on so much and you just don't add anything to our show, ever. I'll do an Imus in the morning time check. Okay. It's 6.05, five minutes after the hour, 6 o'clock. Imus in the morning. Quack, quack. Yeah, I'm in great company there. Pick the one person I'm not embarrassed to be seen with on that picture. It could be a Grammy Award winner. 1027WNEW, The Rock in New York, Pearl Jam, and Van Halen before that. Sammy Hagar coming in tomorrow still? Next week? Ben, grab a mic. You've been on our show a hundred times. A week from tomorrow. Yeah, put that long thing in front of your face. I thought tomorrow was the day for Sammy Hagar. Really? Is Johnny Lang coming in next week too? Yeah, same day. So it's a week from tomorrow. We're going to have Johnny Lang playing live on our show and then Sammy Hagar stopping by for a visit. Cool. And we're doing this invitation only thing? Yeah. What's that about with Sammy Hagar? We're going to have a guest star listeners at an undisclosed location somewhere here in Manhattan that night. Very good. By the way, I sat next to Ben at the black crow show. Ben, you're dead. Did you get some? He was with a chick. What was his name? She looks just like you. You guys both have the funky little artsy fartsy glasses on and stuff. Was that the girl you were with Carol? Yes, they were sucking face and stuff. Yeah. Who was face? Who was he? How about those guys next to us? Did you get a contact buzz? Those guys were smoking so many joints, I was like, can every two cents, dude? I've got to be honest, I just don't smoke pot anymore. I just hate it. I lose my mind. But I definitely left the Beacon Theater high. Contact high. I'm serious. It was like a mushroom cloud. The crows, man. What do you expect? I've been there a million times. I understand that. But the guys next to us, they were lighting up joint after joint after joint. And nobody was coming around saying, hey, put that out. You don't even know where to begin. You're a security guard at the Black Crow Show. Where do you begin? I guess I'll start with the guy right next to me. There were so many people smoking dope. I have never seen so many screwed up people. They came out of that show on Thursday night. Everybody was just... Great. No, that's good. Really. We only have ten. Yeah, we appreciate it. That was bizarre. So, I'm leaving the crows. So many people coming up talking about the Opien Anthony show. I love Yoshi. I love the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. I love this. I love that. We hear a lot of people that enjoy what we're doing here, sure. And then people come up to us and go, you guys must be just huger than huge. You must have so many listeners. You must be so rich. You guys just are... You are the talk of New York. Like, no we're not. No, no, no. We had another ratings come out, right? We have ratings that come out every month. You're not supposed to pay attention to them though. You only pay attention to the ones that come out every three months. Oh yeah, no one really pays attention around here. No one cares. Every month. So, the latest ratings came out. And we can't BS anymore. We are not even on the chart. It's ridiculous. Our show that is supposed to be this big, huge, talk of the town thing is not even listed as so bad. Yeah, yeah. I don't understand it. And then we'll go to the phones and people will go, no, this has got to be impossible. We know they're there. We know the listeners are there. You know, I could plunk down a phone. No, man. Me and all my friends, we all listen to you. Everyone at work listens to you. I've told a hundred people and they're listening to you. It's not showing up. We know they're listening. Maybe we need a commercial. Maybe we need one of those sporty commercials. Maybe we need Terry Gar. You think? Yeah, we need Terry Gar. I listen to N.E.W. It's such a great station. You know those commercials she does? You think we need like a wacky little commercial to promote our show? We need a commercial with Terry Gar when she was hot. Thirty years ago. Now it's like Grandma doing... Did you ever see the episode of the original Star Trek she was on? Yes. She was a big... What happened? All of a sudden it's like Terry Gar's mom. I don't want her promoting our station or our show. And I walked into the deli and it was on and in the hair salon and it was on and everybody's listening. It's just so great. Shut up. Know what I'm going to do? We need a commercial for our show. Obviously. We're going to simply be out of New York. That's obvious. How many months do you think we honestly have left? I don't know. If you want to guess. We've been here eight and a half months. We still have no ratings. None whatsoever. As a matter of fact the ratings have gone down since we've been on the air. I don't know. And with all these people, we go to Long Show Brewery in Garden City, there's 700 people just losing it. It doesn't make sense. I don't know. What do we do? Well we need to start promoting the show. A commercial? I'm thinking of maybe gaining like a hundred pounds. Yeah. And I'll get a big huge boombox and I'll dance goofy in front of a brick wall like that old commercial. Really? Remember that one? I certainly don't. What station was that for? Was that for any W? No. Was it? It was. It was for any W? We were the station that had the big fat guy with the boombox. Oh my Lord. Excuse me. Don, I have an idea for a commercial. Okay. You stand in front of a wall. Actually you're behind the wall. And you've got chainsaws. And you cut a big hole and you step out and go, if we weren't so bad, we wouldn't be so good. So we used for NBC. That seemed to work for you guys. Yeah, yeah, it was great. Me and Howard, Soupy. Wolfman. Wolfman. B.B. B.B. What? Who? You. And then you step out and you go, yeah, I'm busy. If we weren't so bad, we wouldn't be so good. Maybe we could get Mayor Koch to dance for us for our radio station. You see him dancing with the dot head at the deli? I believe you mean an Indian gentleman. Whatever. Yes. Those commercials are good with the kid with the sunglasses. Hope he's gunning for a picture in the daily news. What? Using terminology like that. So I don't know. I guess maybe we could get like a wacky, like goofy billboard where like, you know, like I'll have like a, I'll have a pie and I'll smash in your face and they'll take the picture and they'll say something like, listen to the two wacky DJs. Two wacky DJs. Hey, maybe we'll do a promotion where we live up on a billboard until our ratings go up. That's Zane Castorifical. I don't feel like dying up there. I'm sorry. Maybe I'll change my name to Stix Franklin. Or we could be the, what's his name, Roger and Claire Show? What's his name? We'll start singing about the monkey. I had a little monkey. Maybe we could just be wacky. I don't know. We just get, come on here. We do what we do every day and see what happens. To be honest with you guys, for the last eight and a half months, Anthony and I could have done just music marathons over and over again and not even tried to entertain you guys with like stupid comments and character voices and putting a ton of phone calls on the air and getting an audience participating in the show. We could have just, you know, we could have just said records and done music marathons for the last eight months. We probably would have had better ratings than we have right now. Like some other people do. Why? Come on, I just want some other people. This lady, you know why we don't have ratings? Uh oh, here it comes. Here they come. All right, what's your name? Robin. All right, Robin, go ahead. Well, a couple weeks ago the Arbitron people called me and asked me if I wanted to be in the ratings survey. So I said yes, because every time I like a radio show it disappears in two weeks. So I figured I could get my opinion out there. I'm going to tell you why you have no ratings. The people who listen to you do not have time to fill out this ridiculously complicated survey. Is that the truth? If you have a job, if you have a wife, you do not have time for this. Uh oh. They sent it to me. You have to write down when you listen to the radio every single day, the exact time, the station, every time you change the station. If you skip a day out of the survey, the survey becomes invalid. If you don't postmark it by midnight on a certain date, the survey becomes invalid. So of course I tried to keep this thing up and I just could not do it. Oh, we could have used you. We could have used you, trust me. I feel terrible about it, guys. That's it. I know everybody I know listens to you, but I'm telling you, if you don't sit in your house all day doing absolutely nothing, you cannot be part of the arbitrage survey. That is a racist statement, ma'am. I'm going to report you to Hinckley in his column. That's true. Well, no, because La Mega, the Spanish-speaking station, is the number one station in New York. Well, I'm sure National Public Radio has wonderful ratings also, but if you're sitting in a nursing home, you've got time to fill this survey out. I don't know if that's true. But La Mega? No. I mean, their listeners don't work, so they're home and see? That's a racist statement. What? That is what this woman is implying. I know. I'm totally not. I'm just saying that the people you appeal to who are young and who have interest in the world and work to do and live to lead can't fill this thing out, man. It's just too complicated. Is it true? Too much of a waste of time. Well, I would like to think it's that, but there's the Howard factor, though. Yeah, that kind of blows everything out of the way. Howard's ratings are so huge that if what you're saying is true, then we would have had at least a blip on the screen. Yeah, but you've heard some of the people who listen to Howard, they think they're related to him. They're totally obsessed. Right. So I don't know. The guy that does the reports in the tunnel, I brainwash him, Robin. That's what I do. No, you guys are great. You're the only thing out there worth listening to all day long. Well, I appreciate it. I appreciate it. We hear that all the time, but it's just not showing up in any form that we could go, wow, we're making a difference. Well, you know, you've got to have better ratings than Muni. I mean, I've been listening to this station for like two years and it's so unbearable. Scamuni probably with one lung and using the oxygen tank in between words had better ratings than Anthony and I. There's no justice in the world. I'm totally serious. People, you guys should have marches for yourselves through the streets. When Scott was doing his last days before we came to town, he definitely had more of an audience than we have right now. And then I guess it shows you who had time to fill out these surveys. On paper. Because there's nobody normal. Well, the guy that does the reports in the tunnel, he has more listeners than we do, according to this survey. Well, maybe there's something to screw with the survey. Left lane will be closed between midnight and 2 a.m. Thank you, Felicidad. Hang in there, guys. We will. Yeah. There's nothing else we can do. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. Bye bye. So I figured we'd let you guys know that we suck and have no ratings. That's all right. Well, just keep going on until they say see you. There's nothing else we can do. So we just keep doing the show we've been doing. There you go. All right. I know people are enjoying it. Yes. For how long? Who knows? I hear it. Trust me, we're not begging or nothing. We just, you know. We're not begging or anything. But we'll be just fine. We know that. All right. Want to get some Floyd on the air? We'll do Floyd. What? What happened? You usually give me a choice. Oh, what's wrong with Floyd? Nothing, but you usually give me a choice. All right. You can hear either Floyd or the pretenders. All right, Floyd. There was a no brainer. That's why I didn't give you the second choice. No, sure. Censor me again. All right. So, Anthony Tom from New Jersey writes, if you want more people to listen, offer them free cigarettes. It will work. Hey, it's any W's cigarette weekend. Giving away free cigarettes all weekend long. I don't think I could do that. Well, those damn things are so expensive. It just may work. All right. Now the really boring cancer doctor will intro the next song. Hello. I am from Staten Island University Hospital. We treat cancers of the neck, chest, leg, groin, head, brain with radioactive seed implantment. And to get you up for this procedure, here is Run Like Hell from Pink Floyd. Do you have a metastasis of the neck? A melanoma, carcinoma, any kind of OMA? You may need laser surgery. On your forehead, eyebrows, nose, lip, chest, neck, head or ass. Come to our hospital. We will take it out with the latest methods. I will not say that. The Rock of New York. 1027WNW, that's what it's like from Whitey Ford Sings the Blues. That's Everlast. It's Opien Anthony. Hello. I don't know. We could go late today if you want. We haven't gone late in a while. No, it's been a while. Let's see how it goes. Do you want to play Phone Roulette? Yeah, that's always fun. 2127571027. We'll play Phone Roulette. I forgot something. Are they doing that Tomb Show tonight or is that tomorrow? I think it's tomorrow. Tomorrow? Maury Povich going to an Egyptian tomb. Is it in Egypt? Yeah. What are they going to do? Are they going to open a tomb and hopefully there's going to be stuff in it? What are they going to do? Al Capone's Vault. Uh-oh. I might remember that. Geraldo, Chicago opens up this vault that's supposed to be Al Capone's Vault. What was inside? Nothing. A bottle. That's it. Pretty much. I remember the show closing and he goes, Well, we don't know what's kind of around the corner in the back through there, so we're just going to tell you about it in the newspaper. You never know. We might dig up something. Oops. Yeah, it was empty. So, Maury's going into an Egyptian tomb that has been sealed for thousands of years. He's going to see if he can find any treasures, I guess. No one's interesting about those shows or whenever you tune in to the Discovery Channel or something, they're going into another tomb. They always talk about the real healthy guy that just came down with cancer. Well, they're supposed to be a curse, yeah. Yeah, but they're like, you know, he was a real healthy guy and now he has cancer. Well, that happens to really healthy guys every day. That's usually how you start out. Yeah, you start healthy, all of a sudden you get cancer, but they make it like he just so happened to get cancer because he was in the tomb and he was healthy only last week. Well, I don't know. I always find that's ridiculous. Yeah. All right, so wait, I'm going to watch Raw's War tonight, then, I guess. I was bombed last night. I went to watch Sunday Night Heat there and wrestling and their satellite was down. They just had audio going for the first half hour and they replayed last week's. Oh, really? Yeah, I might have missed, you know, a fisting match, an evil intruder match. I was talking to some really big wrestling fans. Yeah. They thought that was really, really funny last week. They'll go for anything now. Yeah, well, the deal is it was last week on Raw. Yeah. Raw's War, they had Kane and who was? Kane and The Undertaker. Oh, that's right, The Undertaker. Will head to the ring in an inferno match. And the match was. All right, Vince. You know, the person loses when he's lit on fire. Engulfed in flames. Engulfed in flames. And Vince McMahon, he just suggests these matches and the wrestlers, no matter what, will agree to anything. Yeah. So we took it a step further and said, can you imagine if Vince McMahon said, Rock, Stone Cold, you guys are going to be in a fisting match. An anal rape match. Right. All right, Vince. You bring them on. I'll whoop his ass. Doesn't anyone else find that a little strange that they'll admit that, you know, they'll agree to anything? That is weird. All right, in the ring is going to be Ken Shamrock and Mankind in a Hummer match. The loser must give a Hummer to the opponent. All right, Vince. Have a nice day. Look. I'll give a Hummer to Shamrock if I lose. It's just hysterical. They're out of control. Well, Monday's a tough night for TV because I have to watch Raw's War. Yeah. But then I have to watch the Tom Green show on MTV. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We've got to support him because his show is just, it's hysterical. It's very funny. It's out there, but it's funny as hell. Well, you can pay for it. I finally saw the soccer one, by the way. That was funny, yeah. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. Yeah. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. Oh, well, good. Yeah. Almost done with Tomb Raider. Are you? I'm in London. How much longer do you think you got? In order to go. Honestly, I'll be done. I should be done this time next week. Very good. Because I've upped my playing to 10 hours a day. 10 hours a day. Well, good. Good. No, just kidding. I was so pissed off this weekend about the Hinckley column that I was on Half-Life for upwards of 8 to 10 hours a day. Just going crazy. Getting some aggression out. Oh, aggression's like crazy. Everybody in front of me was Hinckley. Yeah. Double barrels. It was great. Crossbow. I loved it. Hi, N.E.W. Hello. N.E.W. This is what we call phone roulette. N.E.W. Okay, that was a good one. Hi, N.E.W. Hello. N.E.W. You're on the air. You're on the air. Please turn your radio down, sir. Okay. This is it. Two for two. Hi, N.E.W. Hello. Hey, there's a live person. All right, what's up? Who's the tomb raider addict? What? Who else is the tomb raider addict? That's Opie. That's Opie? I'm addicted to that thing. Which one's he playing? Three. Three? I'm still on two. Still on two? You know, I didn't play one or two. I hope you went right to three. I went right to three and the guy as I'm buying the game, he started laughing at me. He goes, you're nuts. Because I didn't know any of the moves. Nothing. I just went with it. My wife hates it because I come home from work and I hop on the tomb raider. Yeah, they don't like that. That's not what they consider quality time. No, no. Well, you've got to get your wife involved. Like Sandy is my co-pilot. Oh, yeah? Yeah, she'll run upstairs on the computer and get, you know, I don't think she enjoys that as much as you make it out. I swear we could call her. Really? I don't think so either. I swear to God, she's into it. She'll run upstairs if I get stuck and she'll find like a walkthrough page and get some hints and stuff for me. So you're just, I guess you're not playing enough. You've got to piss her off. No. You've got to play. Yeah, you're definitely not playing enough. Yeah, you're not playing enough. Are you up at 3.30 in the morning? No. See? No, he's not playing enough. No, he's not. It's obvious. The wife yelling, come to bed. No, you're not. One more, one more. I'm bored and I've got to get to a big spot. No, no. Yeah, that's the thing. Yeah, that's the truth. What you've got to do is like I sat through Rosie today. I sat through X-Files last night. I'm in. I'm in. Oh, the trade-off? Yeah, you've got to do a little trade-off. Yeah, that's true. I've never really been into it. You know what's weird? When I do watch X-Files, I love the show, but I just can't be bothered. But I sat through it last night as a sacrifice, making believe. It sounds like every week one of them is threatening to die. One of them is going to be dead from the commercials. I can't be bothered with the X-Files. Well, I watched X-Files and then I got to play for a couple of hours after that. A couple of hours? What are you going to do in a couple of hours? You can't even warm up. Yeah, but I can't. You've got to play until your spine hurts from sitting and your fingers. I'm boring as fuck. My thumbs hurt. My thumbs are... How's your thumbs, man? Oh, they get all cramped up. Yeah, they're all like chewed. I lost like five layers on my left thumb. I come to bed and Jen freaks out because my feet are ice cold because no circulation has gone to my feet because I've been sitting so long. So I go up to bed and I'm walking like I need braces. I need those cripple kid braces. My legs are like EI. Do you walk like a newborn calf? Yeah, yeah. Up to bed like a brand newborn moose. It's like sex, you know. I just want to go to sleep. I had my three hours of tumor and it's fine for bed. I must say, Tumorator 3 got me through this winter. You know those really boring weekends where it was just rainy and snowy and just crap? Man, I forgot all about it. I would die. I would just play for like six, eight hours at a clip. Hey, during the day, do you have a problem with screen glare? Yeah. On my TV, you mean? Yeah, yeah. Well, TV. That's cute. Well, my monitor seems to get a lot of screen glare during the day because I've got too many windows around it. Sure. And boy, you're playing Half-Life. I'm just getting nailed by people in these dark corners. I can't see them. I've got to fix that. I think I've got to build a box. Jenna loved that. I'm going to build a box in the house that I can put all my stuff in and close it, press rise door. No screen glare. I don't play much before work because of that problem. The glare is just a pain in the neck. Yeah. I don't play the left. I'm going to go all the way home and hit the tumorator now. All right, man. You guys are great. Thanks. Hey, Opie. Yeah? Woo-hoo. All right. Woo-hoo. I was on drugs back then. Heavily medicated. All right. I don't know. I think we've got a little more show left in this. Yeah, sure. 1027 WNEW, the Oregon New York. That's the band Train and Free. That's Opie and Anthony. Hey, man. I think that's about it, huh? You have anything else to add to this mess today? No, not till tomorrow. All right. Hummer Hummer Tuesday. Yes. We got to play Stephen Lynch's song that he made for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. His Hummer song. Matt from Cold Spring Harbor writes, do you guys think that learning to drive at night on a busy highway with a neon green sign taped to the back of your car that says learning to drive is stupid or is it just me? I witnessed this the other night and was wondering your opinion. You guys are great. Keep it up, Matt. Yeah, I'm learning to drive. Yeah, a neon green sign taped to the back of the car. That's kind of embarrassing. It really is. Might as well just write, I am a dork. Yeah. Learning to drive kind of sucks. It is pretty rough and people do pressure you. But you don't need the pressure of a sign on the back. My dad taught me. Yeah. I got my learner's permit and he goes, okay, you got your permit. Jump in the car. Not even start in like, you know, a parking lot or something. No, I'm driving home from motor vehicle, four lane highway, not exaggerating. Jump right in. And then we get down the side street. I took this turn way too fast and almost got into a huge head on collision where he was freaking out. I'm like, why are you going so fast? Because I never drove before. Oh, stop. You should know not to go that fast even if you haven't driven. I'm talking 15 get the learner's permit. 15? I had a car by 15. I know. Well, you were a California dude for a while. Learned on a doom buggy at 12. I was shifting. It's no privilege. I was, that was my privileged upbringing. See, you were privileged. That's all we had was the doom buggy. Hi, any W. Hi, what's the website address? For what? Your website. Well, I thought he was reading our minds. Well, most of our, yeah, we were just checking out pictures of Sable naked. I can give you that website. Sure. www.latestwrestlingnews.com. There's some great pictures of Sable naked. We're going to have Triple H and China in a feel-up Sable match. What's your website? It's just through the WWW website right now. Oh, what is that? www.com? That's it. We have pictures of Tara up there and that's about it right now. Okay. I believe. We're still looking for a challenger for Tara. Thus far no one has come forward. I tried but I don't think I have what it takes. Well, yeah, that's it for now. But we're going to start adding a lot more pictures and clips from our show and stuff. All kinds of things to get us in trouble. We're going to start building it finally. All right, but just go to the WWW website and click on our pictures. Go from there. All right, thanks. All right, man. Bye, man. And those Sable pics are pretty hot. Hi, WWW. Hi, how are you doing? Good. All right. This is Opio Anthony? Both, yeah. You're on the air. Oh, boy, isn't that fun? Don't say that. How are you guys doing? I just wanted to call you guys. You guys are talking about nobody listening to you. I listen to you all the time on the road. These guys are great. Well, we hear that all the time, but as far as ratings go, it's pretty much been proven that no one is listening to our radio show. I agree with the woman that was on the show earlier who was saying how those things can be a pain in the butt. Yeah, because I belong to the NFO. I fill those things out all the time. And you do have to sit down and take a lot of time with them. Well, it's just frustrating because honestly, for the last eight and a half months out, and I could have got the let out, done something really stupid like music marathons over and over again. Yeah, you were saying. And we would probably have more listeners right now. And that's pathetic because if it comes down to that, I have no desire to do radio. No desire. If I just sit here and just sing songs and say, hey, I'm getting the let out. You know? I think your chat's pretty good. You guys got some good stuff going on. Well, we're having fun. It's good. You're sitting in a car, you have a good laugh, you know, it takes the doubt off it. Bored about it driving around. Right. Well, cool, man. I appreciate it. Thank you. Maybe our luck will change. You never know. No, I wouldn't say that. I just know people get about eight months in this town. We're up to eight months. So. I hope you guys stick around. I think we got a little longer. I think Darien O'Toole lasted what? Eight months? I thought it was a year. I don't think she didn't make a year. No? Eight months. And Bonaducci, I don't think he made a year. No wonder. And we're heading toward nine months, so you figure it out. I hope you guys stick around. Hey, thanks, man. I'll call back. All right. Adios. One more call and we're out of here. All right. How about that one? Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, guys, what's up with this rating deal? What do you mean? What's that? What do you mean? Who am I talking to? Opie and Anthony. What's up? What's up? Hey. I just heard about you guys from down in Virginia. Really? I moved up here from Virginia probably about two months ago. Yeah. And before I came back up, I'd lived in Connecticut all my life. Before I came back up, somebody said, yeah, there's a replacement for Howard on the radio. Oh. That was crud. No, we're at this station. He's at that and we do different shifts. Shifts, you said. That's what I said. I think that's what I heard. Yeah. What? It kind of sounded like we do different. Oh, no. We don't want any slips of the tongue misinterpreted on this show to maybe be added to a daily news column. All right, man. No, we're just going to keep pushing forward and we'll see what happens. I got family coming up from Virginia. Don't worry about it. I'll be right back. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Hey, and, hey, one with the guys. Hey, paisan. Oh, hey, paisan. There you go. Thank you, my brother-in-law. I watched the Sopranos last night, HBO. That's a great show, man. I haven't checked it out yet. It's kind of, you know, picking up on that stereotype of Italian gangsters. You never really see that in real life. You know when they pull in a bus load of gangsters from New York City, they rarely have Italian last names. But they're kind of angry because it's portraying Italians in a bad light. I don't see it that way. I see it as representing criminals who happen to be Italian. Okay, very good. Fun show though. Very good. I've got to start watching that. I like it. All right, we've done enough today. You want to play commercials? We've done enough damage. We had fun today. Yeah. And dash out. Excuse me. We'll be playing four hours of Christmas music on Christmas morning. So make sure you check that out. That's very cool every year. You turn that on. You turn on the U log on TV with the sound down, of course. And you have your Christmas morning and then you open up your presents and have to have that fake smile on your face when you open up a gift that you hate. But how can you possibly tell the person you don't like it? So you got to go, Oh, wow, a bright orange sweater. That's great. I can know that's good. I can wear that. So when I'm at the glory hole on Sunday, that'll fit my outfit. Thank you. This is really good. Oh, you got me a Chia pet. Oh, wow. Thanks. Really showed you care. I've seen the commercials for so many years. I've really wanted one of these. Yeah. Oh, great. I bought you a CD player and you bought me a Chia pet. No, this is really good. I like it. I could grow my weed out of this or something. No, thanks. Really. Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Hey, Doug, in Cliffside Park. He's writing me. He says, I'm supposed to be Christmas shopping right now, but I'm playing Quake 2, Mission Pack 2, and I can't put it down. I'm an addict. Hello, my name is Doug and I'm a Quake addict. Doug, I understand completely. If you were listening earlier, Anthony is pretty much heading toward divorce court because he's been playing this Half Life for over a month now. I hope the people that made Half Life are happy. They're destroying my marriage. Yes. I mean, I'm on there all hours of the day. Jen's pissed off to no end. She's probably right now at happy hour at Off-Broadway and she's probably getting tanked. I'm in for it. You're done. Yeah. The hard part is you're almost at the end of Half Life and some a-hole. A-hole? You'd be nice. This guy's great. FedEx is another game for you that's just as wild as Half Life. He FedExes it to me like my marriage can't end fast enough. Quick, get him this. More gas for the fire.