 We've been following those guys for three radio stations now. It's pretty weird. Yeah, looking forward to hearing them. So, alright. Well, you want to start with some instant feedback? What do we got? Gene from College Point. Very excited that today is Hummer Tuesday. My husband Charlie and I are married 14 years today and we are both long time fans of WNEW and new fans of Opie and Anthony. I was wondering if you could let him know that my anniversary present to him is to induct him into the Tuesday Hummer Club. Oh, my headphones crapped out again. You too? Now they're back. Do they crap out there though? Yeah, they are. Something's weird. They're plugging in stuff outside the studio and I think that's screwing us up a little bit. I hate that. Where was I? Present, present. Oh yeah. Let him know that my anniversary present to him is to induct him into the Tuesday Hummer Club tonight. Nobody deserves it more than he does. Thanks and keep up the good work. Charlie, you got a present tonight, brother. Rush Home. Man, that's something. We got to get this out of the way. We haven't played this one in a couple of weeks. Thank you. Just to get everyone in the mood for today. Ask your wife politely to get down on her knees Don't forget to say please because it's Hummer Time Tuesday is a boring day so take this tip from O&A Have a ball, take two, they're small, it's an auto-free for all It's spirit swallow, it's okay, watch those feet It causes pain, hey don't worry, about the taste, it's Hummer Time There you go, oh man it crapped out again Yeah mine are doing the same thing Really? We can't do a radio show this way I hear it going in and out To you at home it doesn't make sense because you're hearing our voices but Is it back now? Oh no it crapped out again Now it's out Hello? Ah That's... I don't know if... This is going to be very annoying If it has anything to do with your connection You think? I don't know, let me talk No, see I didn't do anything there Yeah, something else happened Alright, here we go, engineer Here's Pete, he's got to do a job here What seems to be the problem? Ah Yeah It's crapping out on us Pete What about this? Will that work? What do you hear? I hear our voices better than our headphones But we also heard it good before and then it would crack out Well let's see if this works Okay Now I'm so distracted, what were we going to talk about? I know Alright Well we've got to congratulate the University of Connecticut Wow March Madness is finally over So they won They won, yes, it was a great game last night I was really paying attention, close attention to it And I seem to have missed that Well I was hoping you were going to give me some credit today, Anthony I gave you some credit? Go ahead L.B. Well when the tournament started, what did I tell you? You said That Connecticut would play Duke in the finals Yes you did But I did say that Duke would win That you did But that's pretty damn close I don't know, is it close? How many teams are in it? 64 To pick the final game, that's not too shabby I was a little tired of March Madness to be quite honest with you Really? Yeah, well every commercial's got a, you know, McDonald's March Madness You know, everyone hops on the bandwagon I don't think, I mean obviously it's very popular But I think there's a lot of people that don't know or care what it is I don't know, I think more people were following March Madness than the stupid NBA obviously, you know You think so? Really? Yeah, March Madness is huge, yeah Fans just not a Hoops fan, that's okay I am not, I'm sorry And we're hearing from all the Ranger fans today, shut up Everyone knows we're Islander fans You're an Islander fan too, right? It's very hard to say yes, but yes Yeah, just remember in 1999, Opie and Anthony admitted they were Islander fans on the radio So in 10 years when the Islanders are good again, we can say that we didn't jump on the bandwagon Right, 10 years It could take a while I know But the Rangers sweep the Swept the Season series Yeah Alright Now we got to regroup from our headphone debacle The headphones are driving us nuts, it doesn't sound the same in the phones I think your volume maybe, I had to turn mine down a little I don't know Alright, sorry guys, we'll try to figure this out next Honestly I think there's a problem with this microphone With the mic? Yeah, it's not picking up, I don't know We'll have Pete take a look when we take a break here, okay? Two for Tuesday continues, Judas Priest on the way If you want to hear something, 212-757-1027, you can send the faxes in, 212-957-WNEW And we have the instant feedback for you as well, just go to the WNEW website, click on our pictures And this is the button that has to be down Let me see This button right here What? No, no Now it's cutting out, damn it Alright, look, it's crapping out again Alright, let's, hold on Every time I talk my headphones crap out That's what is going on here 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, it's Opi and Anthony We're blowing out some of the Tuesday Hummers songs Because we got some technical problems in the studio here Your headphones working? Is this working? No, no, it's not Oh, this is so annoying It cuts out, it gates out, it sounds like, yeah, when we start talking it flips out and then comes back on See, to the listener, they're just hearing our voices and they think there's no problem here But I don't even think we can get phone calls on the air, let's see We won't hear them Hi, ah, hi, NAW Hi? No, we can't do phones yet, sorry Really can't do a radio show yet What happened between yesterday and today that did this? I don't know I gotta take my headphones off Yeah, we can't I'm gonna throw them through a window Why don't you press the button with the processing? What do you mean, this? Yeah That work? Like that? That other one? Yeah Yeah, see? At least there you can, you know, hear stuff Let's see if we can take the phone calls now Hi, NAW Hello? Yeah, what's up? Hey, I was just calling to see if you saw my Tory sign yesterday at Raw Ah, where were you seated? I was about 15 rows up from the folding chairs Ah, no, we didn't see it Ah What did it say? Tory, show us your balloon nut That's pretty good I sent you a feedback yesterday, you didn't get it? No, we read it on the air Ah So you definitely went through with it and did it, huh? Yeah, I had the sign here Very cool We talked about wrestling last night at the Continental Arena, Raw is War Hmm, and there you have it No, we didn't see that one There's a lot of other funny signs, but not that one The best sign on TV last night was, is my sign on TV? That's what the guy's sign said So, hi man Alright, thanks a lot Yeah, we got some technical problems in the studio so we're a little distracted Alright, see you at the rock Thanks Bye Damn Alright, well they're trying to figure it out These phones like this Ah Alright Are we ever going to get through the show? I don't know This is odd It's very distracting Like I definitely need this button But then the headphones cut out Ah, I just heard a delay coming through It's a mess It's a mess in here, what happened? Did somebody do something from yesterday till today? What was done? Every other word is cutting out I know What was done in here? No big deal, it's not a big deal to have the equipment working when we're on the air But something changed from yesterday, right? Yeah Till today Right I don't know what it was See we sound like a-holes because to the listener it sounds fine Yeah They don't get what the problem is It doesn't sound fine because we're talking kind of weird Yeah And we stop talking when it clips out in our ears Uh huh Alright, it's not clipping now No, this may be it We may be back in business here, Anthony Alright Okay, I hope so The Rock of New York, 1027W and AW, 2 for Tuesday with Ozzy Osbourne, shot in the dark and crazy train You're hanging with- You're hanging with Opien Anthony Hey We sound annoyed, we are Alright, I just got to remember to keep our mic volume down, Anthony You never had to do that before No, see if it's up here, it's going to crap out on us Yes But if it's down here, it's going to crap out on us Yeah It's going to crap out on us It's going to crap out on us It's going to crap out on us It's going to crap out on us It's going to crap out on us It's going to crap out on us It's going to crap out on us Yes But if it's down here, we'll be okay Well, now I've got to turn my headphones up Yeah Alright Ah Okay, we're good Yes, let's roll Okay Alright, Alan from Long Island, from the Instant Feedback Well guys, I know it's Tuesday but can I give a big F-U to the IRS? And by the way, any day is a good day to say F-U to the IRS Did my taxes last night and boy is Uncle Sam bending me over And without a hummer If they have payment plans, otherwise you can send me a greeting card And address it to Sing Sing Prison Oh Take care guys Oh Don't get fired, New York needs you guys Alan Yeah, tax time Well, good luck to you people, good luck to you I was dealing with that a little bit today Yeah Benny taking care of me We love Benny Yeah Good guy I hope he can, you know, save me some of my hard earned money Well, they do take a lot of tax out throughout the year And then you find at the end of the year you have to pay above and beyond that And no one questions this? No, no one questions it, Opie I mean you look at your paycheck every two weeks and you go, wow, they are taking a lot of money out And then you're like, alright, at least I'll get some money back at the end of the year Wrong And you do your taxes and go, wow, I still owe a couple thousand? You owe How does that work? Isn't that great? And the money you get to keep? Whatever you buy gets taxed It's like, wait a minute, wasn't I taxed on that already? Yeah Like I paid my tax, you were kind enough out of the kindness of your heart to let me keep some of this money Thank you So now when I go to spend it, I have to pay a sales tax? Yes Well that doesn't seem very fair, does it? No, not at all What's the story with that? Okay, well I'll put it in maybe some stocks or the bank account, whatever, and try to make some interest on it Sure That way maybe I could gain back some of the money they took in taxes Right Okay, oh look, I made some money with my money Oh, they tax it And they tax it a lot because that's special money Yeah I don't understand it You can't win You are penalized for achieving or trying to achieve the American dream Yeah And you're making okay money now, nothing great, but I don't know where the money is No That I'm supposedly making, I still don't have a bank account and I owe money this year again The bank is the dollar bills rolled up in my pocket, far cabbage But they just keep taxing you And no one questions it, we just go along and we'll pay it A few people question it in Montana with guns holed up in a house somewhere, you know They usually It's extortion Yeah, you're paying protection money to the government Where's the soprano dude, we could use his help Tony Soprano, God I love that show I'm really ticked off that I didn't jump on board the soprano show They're going to rerun all the episodes on HBO Starting when? Because I've got to see it from the beginning now Yeah, we have it written down somewhere But yeah, you've got to see the whole thing, the season finale is coming up And boy it's a great show And some of these Italian American groups are all pissed off that it's portraying Italians as gangsters in a bad life How come you can't portray a certain group as having an element in it that is bad? You're not saying everyone is Like when I watch The Sopranos I'm not like, oh boy, every Italian is in the mob But there were some Italians in the mob Just the way it happened They pretty much started it Yeah, you know, coming out, what are you going to do? It's just the way it was So if you want to portray one of them on TV, on HBO, on The Sopranos Who's to get pissed off? Who cares, it's part of history It's all part of getting politically correct in this country People don't like things even if they're true Just cover them up, make it like they never happened or don't happen And the world will be a wonderful place Let's not acknowledge our history Let's just start history today That's what a lot of groups want They want that Right, don't acknowledge what happened years ago My God, no It's ridiculous, man Even my mom was in the mob Your mom? My mom was in the mob Dude, hold on, I've got to get to the story You're still there? Your mom was in the mob? Yeah, back in the 40s She was in the mob Explain She told me when we got together this weekend And told me how my grandfather was running numbers in Harlem Back in the 40s And she was a little kid And he used to go Baba, baba, come walk with daddy, come walk with daddy And as they were walking, he would put a big little roll of paper down her sock And then you know, walk her somewhere She was like a little girl, you know But I'm laughing, oh, you were in the mob? She was like, oh, scratch your ass, I wasn't in the mob She was a runner She was like running numbers with grandpa, with my grandfather Was he heavy duty into it or was he just kind of No, I think he was just a French player Yeah, I think the bottom line is Back in the 40s in Harlem In a lot of parts of New York If you were Italian A good way to make money was to hook up You're not whacking people or anything But a good way to make a little money was to run some numbers Or work for some of the boys What are you going to do? Work at a trade or something and make half the money? Well, at least this makes sense now Because I was at your brother's wedding a year and a half ago now When Joe got married I swear to God, I thought I was going to get whacked in there Oh, stop it What do you mean, stop it? There's no one in the mob in my family It's like the scene from The First Godfather Who are you kidding? There's no one in the mob in my family now Talking back in the 40s Well, it sure felt like it How did Joe afford that wedding? I don't know He does things He does things He works That was probably the best wedding I've ever been at Wasn't that a good wedding? It was great No, none of my family I stood out like a sore thumb at that wedding too My mother's telling me about my uncle Jakey Who was a second story man She got a few in her She was spilling the beans I think I have to whack my mom It was pretty interesting What is a second story man for the people that don't know him? You know, he's kind of like a burglary guy He would make the things fall off the trucks He was into hijacking and stuff My mother was like, oh yeah, we remember being kids The truck would pull up in front of the house We'd get TVs and clothes and dresses All kinds of stuff off the truck She was very popular in the neighborhood Because her father, my grandfather, would buy all the kids ice cream on the street The ice cream man would come and he would set up all the kids It was only five cents back then Well, that's big money back then For all the kids And forget about it Yeah, back in the old days Harlem of the 40s The more and more I hang out with you, the more and more I learn It's amazing That's right, keep learning Maybe someday I'll do you a favor Hello Hey, how are you doing? You guys are up and running again The microphones are still crapping out But no one wants to hear us complain So we're trying to move on here I'm just sitting here sick Trying not to laugh too hard or else I'll start coughing But I just want to say hey So I'll see you later This is your audience today Great, thanks Sick people complaining Hi buddy I know what happened there The actual guy hung up and right when you hit the button That guy got through on the line That's why we try to screen him a little bit Hi, NAW I have a great idea to do with all your money What? Let's make a World War II movie with no Germans and no Japanese Yeah, that'll be the politically correct one We won't offend anybody We can make them like Martians or part of the apes And then we talk it over We don't drop any big bombs or anything No, of course not We just hash it out by talking And then we save a whale and roll the credits I like it I like the way you think That's pretty much what is going on in this world these days You can't acknowledge things that actually happened in this world as being accurate The facts now are getting twittered We're getting what they call revisionist history People like remembering things different from the way they actually were It's a sad thing I don't care, I'm Italian And I know that back in the 40s and the 50s Italians ran organized crime In the big cities, they did That's just the way it was And if you make a movie about it Why not give the guy Italian names? Because that's the way it was You're not going to give him an Irish name Well, there were some Irish mobs too Not like the Italian mob Not as fun Well, they were always drunk See, I'm being extreme here, folks Don't you get it? Well, we'll get a letter for that Hi, N.A.W Hello, I heard you got a call about Italians, right? Yeah, Dan, what's up? Yeah, hi A while ago when immigrants first came to America If some guy was brought to jail, four out of five chances of an Italian Really? Four out of five, man Where are you getting your facts from? Crimelibrary.com I love the internet now You can just punch everything up I find step on Charles Manson, the purple gang, Jeffrey Dahmer And the guy that they modeled Dr. Hannibal from in Sounds of the Land Hannah Hannibal Lector Well, at least you're using the internet for something useful I love the internet You got sick of the porno, huh? No, I still do that Of course you do www. We gotta go Isn't that amazing though? A lot of people are learning a lot more things these days Hi, N.A.W What's up? You guys want to do the Godfather trivia? Why, what do you got? I got a lot of questions, I'm sure I'm going to stump them Alright, how about one question? Alright, one question, I'll make it an easy one Alright When, you know, in the first, what do you want? Part one, part two? Part one, yeah Alright, when Paulie gets killed Remember the driver? Paulie? Alright, when he gets killed, when Paul Mendes is out taking a leak What monument is in the background? What monument is in the background? Oh, is it the The Robert Moses No, it's Statue of Liberty I don't know I got a lot of detail oriented questions Yeah, I don't like those Alright, well, why? Yeah, these are the ones you have to be paying attention to Yeah, that's it I've got other ones too, but I even wrote them down Alright, one more You want another background question? No, we don't, background, who cares? Alright, go ahead, a background Ah, dude, you can't curse Oh, sorry, I didn't realize I was on the air What is Everything's on the air Oh my God I call one another time and you screen it You played like 20 minutes before Alright, listen, give us your other Godfather question without cursing Alright, we're doing it for prizes now Goodbye, there's your trivia Goodbye And the answer is hang up on you What took us so long? I know Background questions Alright, we have Collective Soul coming in the studio when? Like 5 o'clock or so? They're playing the Bowery Ballroom, we'll get you warmed up The Rock of New York, 1027W, NAW2 for Tuesday Collective Soul Heavy Off their Dosage CD And Where the River Flows, those guys playing The Bowery Ballroom tonight for a little visit Should be here by 5 o'clock I think we're going to try to talk them into playing Yeah They better play We've played four times now and now I think it's time for them to play a few songs for us Pick up your instruments I think we can play Hopefully make that happen Why is the boss guarding the door? Yeah, look at that, he's leaning against it I think he's like, I'll lead Nah, he wants to be on the radio today, you want to come on? I just feel it You don't need any more vagary on this show He was upset with us yesterday Talking about how vague he is Like when we ask him about things, rumors in the paper You might have read I think he's very green-spanning Yeah I always say no Are we going to K-Rock? No You're being evasive That's what Opie said You're being evasive, why don't you tell me the truth I said no Well, it was reported in the paper yesterday We're going to K-Rock to do more I think that slot's taken Yeah, I think so It's by somebody pulling in a lot of cake I believe he does a good job at it Yeah, I think he's got a few listeners What is wrong with the radio reporters in this town? That was Peter Goodman They're on Dope or something Peter Goodman, I think maybe years of Tupagaloo Peter Goodman started the whole rumor about a month ago Yeah, he starts it And now he's writing on it And then he reports about the rumor That's brilliant So when all these rumors don't come true Or most of them I think he's going to be a good guy Or most of them No, no, you can't say that Because sometimes a rumor gets out there And it gets around enough that the people who make the decisions Actually go Man, that's a pretty good idea, we should do that Sometimes that happens But we're going to call Pete out on this one When we finally settle the dust around here And then we're going to read all his columns on the air To show people how wrong he was He thought we were going homo-urban But then there's a rumor that we're going country That's making the internet these days I'll tell you true to This is true though Garth Brooks' manager called Scott Herman And said if we went country That Garth would come for a month for free And do a show Who cares Is he still hitting baseballs? Apparently that's not working out Well, obviously I got friends Get out of here Why doesn't he get a chance to Why doesn't he get a chance to make a baseball team And you and I, we don't Is it because he's famous? Justin, we're going country Spanish talk That's what we're doing It's talk about Spanish country music Yeah, we'll cover all our bases I think they do that in Los Angeles now So you can confirm we're not going to K-Rock to do mornings We're staying right here We're not getting fired Correct That's a separate issue But everything we've done thus far Will not get us fired, right? Yeah What about the all talk? What are you doing now? That's what we mean by vague He's very vague That's a little thing I don't mind if you go all talk So he's very vague about the talk issue We go all talk What else matters outside of you? See, this is what we mean Remember the episodes of Kung Fu? Remember Kung Fu When he was in the monastery thing He would walk up to the head guy there And ask him a question And the guy would go No, Grasshopper You will know when the time is right I would turn around and go Look, just tell me I need to go to this place And save somebody So when do I make my move? You will know when it is right Tell me Take the mystery out of me He did shave his head Yes, ah No, it fell out That will happen around here Alright Well thanks for clearing up so many things He also was talking to us about our website He was meeting with the lawyers today That's interesting Yeah Apparently there is a real difference between Indecency and obscenity Indecency and obscenity Now what's bad? Well the difference basically As I understood it Because it was a lot of lingo A little vague But basically it becomes obscene When it produces Kind of a When it stimulates It stimulates the But some people are stimulated by Girls in bikinis And that can be In an ad in a JCP Some people are getting stimulated Looking at the pictures of the jocks On the NAW website Oh So who's going to define that? We can't find that person At this point And does the web fall under that jurisdiction? Not yet But the courts are now beginning to look into that It's going to be a long arduous battle I think we will emerge victorious as perverts Yeah That seems to be You know what it is, the web, you can't control where everything is coming from I love these lawmakers We're saying No gambling, no internet gambling How are you going to plug up the phone lines From an island off of Greece Or something, you know? It can't be done This is finally a medium That really they have a hard time controlling Well the government will figure out something They always do They always do Alright, we'll see, I don't know The biggest issue is taxes And how are they going to get revenue? Cash, that's what they want Their money, right Because people are making money hand over fist on the net So they're not getting their piece So the higher ups, they have a problem with the website Or they're a little scared No, everybody's into it Lots of people have volunteered to research this You know we're getting about 50,000 hits a day right now From those pictures from Friday They're just preemptive They want to look at it And make sure You're going to go to your basement hoping it never floods But you want it there just in case Now was that green spanny or what? What was that? No, you did pretty well there I know the lawyers around here They're taking care of us We don't want to get kicked off an 8th server No, I don't think that will happen No Hopefully So if it's stimulating Well there's some stimulating pictures on there What if it's repulsive? There's some repulsive stuff on there That's the other thing Some people find all sorts of things repulsive And other people find them stimulating They're trying to fit everything into categories When people in general have different views on everything You can't have one guy saying this is acceptable and this isn't Because the next guy thinks it's the other way around I don't know I'm for opening everything up I like everything Did you talk to Priceline today? Can we bust that out in the air? As soon as we do, that will be good It's not confirmed but We talked to Tara yesterday Hottest girl to ever pose naked on the Open Anthony show And she won a little clasp brought into this contest That we started three months ago She was a little upset, it was getting a little sleazy for her A little sleazy on Friday, we understand that We told her that the four girls that came in One of which will challenge her That was a preliminary bout That's in the back room At the stinky gym They have to work their way up to the big time We're cleaning it up And the person that takes on Tara From those four girls that everyone is voting on Go to the semi-life studio camera in the Open Anthony section Of the NAW website if you haven't cast your vote yet The winner of that competition When we pick the girl to take on Tara Will win a trip from Priceline.com Not confirmed yet but pretty close We were talking to them So we're cleaning up this contest And making it worthwhile Isn't that fantastic? Priceline, I told you the grade, I love it So, that'll bring some more women out of the woodworks Alright? Alright, well thank you for clearing all that up, boss Anytime I don't know, I guess we're not going to K-Rock And we're going to be dumped from an 8th server That's great I'm going to get some jello for you now I could use it for that He's getting a little slow there Look at that, he's taking a jab at you Ouch, that hurts Go do some work The Rock of New York, 1027W&W Two for Tuesday, Kiss Calling Dr. Love in Detroit, Rock City Music sounds good today, man We're rocking Sophie and Anthony Don't forget coming up around 5 o'clock We've got Collective Soul for a little visit tonight They're playing the Bowery Ballroom And lots of instant feedback coming in We were talking about how How to politically correct the world's getting I think it's obvious to everyone by now And how we want to pretty much forget about history And make believe it never happened Well anytime you portray it on television Whatever medium you choose People will come out of the woodworks And yell and bitch That a certain ethnic group Or nationality Is being portrayed in a bad light Correct When in the meantime, that's the way history was So when an Italian is portrayed As a gangster on television Sopranos Yeah, was getting all kinds of flak from Italian groups I love the show And you know something? There were a few Italian people in the mob Did I say that? Can you imagine if they made The Godfather In this day and age? It wouldn't be the same movie It would probably blow People get very upset But I think we touch the nerve Because Larry from the island writes Watching a John Wayne movie The other day on A&E And they censored the word Jap Are you kidding? They didn't bleep it Just deleted it You saw John Wayne's lips move And you could tell what he said but no sound You censored the Duke? They censored the Duke? You can't censor the Duke Especially when he's saying Jap My God Did he say Jerry? Maybe Nip? That's what they were called when we were fighting them That's what it was We weren't very friendly with each other No, they were the enemy We weren't going over there And trading recipes I think we were bombing each other People There's plenty of those types of examples I'm sure If you got one you can definitely get a hold of us We found the William Shatner song, Anthony Really? I like this Which one do you want to hear? We got a couple of them We got Mr. Tambourine Man That's a favorite We have Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds I love Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds He is so dramatic in this He is such He is hamming it up This was done when? In the 70s? Like very early 70s or maybe late 60s Somewhere in the 70s Now did he do this as a goof or were they serious when they were putting these songs out? From everything I've read and I've heard him talk about this He was doing his interpretation of the music So he was serious doing this He's not a singer He is an actor A thespian So he was acting the song In lieu of singing it So it's Bill Shatner What an actor anyway And then when he acts a song You bring tears to your eyes This is top shelf stuff Would you like to hear Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds by William Shatner? I love this This is not Anthony, this is an actual No this is really William Shatner He did this Great music It's like a studio Sounds like a Christmas song The intro Captain's Log Lucy in the Sky These studio musician chicks Lucy in the Sky He was probably at the mixing board Making sure everything was okay Turn it down a bit Here he comes Picture yourself In a boat On a river With tangerine trees And marmalade skies Somebody calls you You answer quickly You answer quite slowly A girl with kaleidoscope eyes Cellophane flowers Of yellow and green Towering over your head For the girl with a sun in her eyes And she's gone Nice effect Wow How did I do? Did I hit that last note properly? Yes you did Mr. Shatner I like the echo effect Instead of going off into space The final frontier Alright here he comes Follow her down To a bridge by a fountain Where rocking horse people eat Marshmallow pies And they're all over the place Marshmallow pies Everyone smiles as you drift Past the flowers that grow so incredibly high Newspaper taxis Appear on the shore Waiting to take you away Glance back with your head in the crowd And you're gone Yeah, Bill Oh wow, does he kick ass or what? And you're gone, gone Alright here he comes again Picture yourself On a train At a station With glasses Seen porters With looking glass ties Suddenly someone Is there at the turnstile A girl with kaleidoscope eyes Lucy in the sky Lucy in the sky Oh is he great Lucy in the sky Lucy in the sky Lucy in the sky Lucy in the sky Lucy in the sky The big fade out here Wow, there he is Is that brilliant See the last verse He's not as Just up on the whole thing You know? Incredibly high Picture yourself On a train At a station Something happened in between I think the pot wore off Also Spock singing I Have a Hammer If I Had a Hammer is a good one I believe we got that We could screw around with these songs today William Shatner, god that is just a brilliant interpretation Bill I think we should come up with a better bit than that No! William Shatner should do another album Metallica songs Maybe we could do that That could be cool The Rock of New York, 1027W&W Two for Tuesday With Pink Floyd and Topee and Anthony Got a guy in the line What is his name? Mike? He runs a Star Trek club And he never heard that William Shatner song we just played Really? Mike Hey Mike Do you like that William Shatner song? I've been trying to find it Just so I can play it over and over And annoy everybody else that I know That thing is hysterical Yeah pretty funny You run a William Shatner club No no no no A Star Trek fan club And you don't have a copy of that? You know how much these dealers are asking for Something like that? You can find that pretty much anywhere On the internet What was it part of Golden Throats or something like that? It's an album that's available They just had a convention in the city this past week And it wasn't there Oh yeah I do security at the conventions Do you get all dressed up? Sometimes As a security officer I don't know if he does security but he dresses up like a Do you dress up like the enterprise security? Oh hell no We got our own uniforms Oh Klingon No not exactly We got our friends dressed up in Klingons We do our own uniforms I'm sure you guys are familiar with the Imperial Universe The ones where they play bad guys Oh yes of course Yeah that's the way we dress up We got our own uniforms Uniforms are in standard We got leather uniforms Hey can you pick up chicks at these conventions? Oh please why would you want to do that? Please? What do you mean why would I want to do that? These are the biggest weirdos around I mean hey I may like the stuff But some of these people are more far out than I am Really? Yeah What's the strangest thing you've seen at a Star Trek convention? I'm sorry? What is the strangest thing you've seen at a Star Trek convention? Oh man I don't know I've just seen so many different things People in costumes Let's put it this way sometimes That much flesh should not be allowed to fit in so much leather Really? Yeah I've seen some of the fat girls that Try to dress up like some of the chicks Kirk has scored with Hold on guys I'm at work I've got to answer a call Alright we've got to let you fly then man We can't wait for your little call there Okay sorry man W-A-D-W New York Infinity Broadcasting Alright Anthony MapQuest.com No need to get lost Ever again You're going to be going out somewhere? You have a destination you don't know how to get to? Put it in MapQuest.com This really is a great idea I wish I came up with it I'd be a billionaire Well you were too busy with pornography On the computer to think of something as useful as this You know I've been doing the internet thing for almost 10 years And if I would have spent more time trying to figure out a way to make money with the internet Instead of checking out all the porn sites you're right Let's look back in time Here's the people at MapQuest Guys we can do something where people put the destination of the place they want to go in the computer And put in where they're leaving from And we will print out detailed directions to the destination With mileage and where you make your turns And a color map of the entire area So people will not get lost This is a great idea I want to get to the destination I want to get to the destination The destination The destination And I want to get to the destination And I want to get to the destination So people will not get lost This is what the internet is about And it's free, totally free Correct This will help people so they don't get lost Now that's what they were doing, what were you doing? And they made it work Yeah what were you doing while they were coming up with that idea? Well both of us In front of the computer Ok download that JPEG Oh look at the cans on her Is that beautiful? Ok MapQuest, helping people not get lost Directions, maps It's brilliant A brilliant idea I just want to know how they figure this out Well it's called Work And it's called being clever Do you think one guy just went to every Location and they just pop it in there I mean how do you figure it out? Alright put this in, I made a right, a left Right I don't think so Obviously but how do they figure that out? Satellites and mirrors I don't know Because if you haven't done this yet, just put the address Of where you work and your home address And you'll be amazed It's your way home How do they know that's the way I go home? You might even find a quicker way home Try MapQuest.com Alright I believe we'll be talking to Collective Soul next time we Take a little break here alright Stick around, those guys play the Valerie Ballroom tonight Just giving you a hard time You know it's your past wife and you're turning me I'm going to give you a hard time now 1027WNAW the Rock of New York 2 For Tuesday with Van Halen, Top Jimmy And Jamie's Crying, it's Opie and Anthony And we got a couple of guys from Collective Soul in the studio I see We got Ed and Ross They've been hanging out in the lobby for the last 20 minutes Because I thought the whole band was coming in And we realized we got two out of the four, that's not bad Well we don't like each other so you know That's the way Rumors get started I hope they're beating each other up That's what they do I don't know, probably sleeping We're just going over that We get to sleep in shifts When you come to New York Why is that? The record company works you hard True huh, still There's all kinds of press you have to do Foreign press It's a good thing I was going to say there's a lot of bands that would kill to be in your room I'm going to hear wine If the headphones clip out on you Don't mind, we have some equipment problems today I just noticed they clipped out again on me Isn't this great? You're still on the air You just won't hear it in the headphones Professional radio station here Exactly You guys are from Stockbridge, Georgia I remember that because I had an intro you guys Let me think, five years ago now When you guys were first Starting out, they played a restaurant A restaurant The Jukebox Cafe It was like a restaurant And then we cleared the tables away And then Collective Soul played And they were moshing and stuff And the owner of the club was just freaking out Because Bucky Yeah, because people were breaking stuff Didn't realize how cool Collective Soul was And nobody could see anybody because there was no stage So we're like the same level as everybody else It's just like a crowd with music coming out of the middle We were actually looking up at the audience I'm kind of short myself You guys have come a long way from then We still do it in the heartbeat That's cool, that's great And you had dinner with us and our listeners It was pretty wild back then But I remember your people, they were yelling at me Don't forget to tell everyone they're from Stockbridge, Georgia Not Georgia, Stockbridge, Georgia Who yelled at you from our side? I don't know, it was either like a record geek Or one of the guys A problem here at the time I don't know Where the hell is Stockbridge, Georgia? From that day It's south of Atlanta And I think I don't know why we keep saying Stockbridge I have no idea Actually that's where we're from It's just a suburb of Atlanta It's easy to say Atlanta 15 minutes you're in Atlanta from where we live Is that anywhere near Buckhead? Yes it is We spent some time in Atlanta And Buckhead? We got Just to quickly explain, we got fired from our last radio job And it was between Atlanta and New York And we chose New York over there We were going to go to Atlanta so they They flew us down there and showed us a good time We had fun I know where they took you I know where they took you We went there This is some of the I know where you went We know where you went We hit every strip club in Atlanta That's a lot of them How long were you there? A couple of weeks? We were doing about 4 or 5 a night We just took the tour The high class ones The cheesy ones We noticed the different tastes And the bars down there There's the real classy one Where the girls look nice They're like don't touch now They have an agent You have to hand the money to He takes his percentage and gives it to the girl She just picked up my beer bottle I like those places I like those places Best Strip clubs and waffles houses in Atlanta That's it On every corner Do you guys ever run into Elton John when you're in Atlanta? Yeah actually He did an Acoustic performance at the Fox Theatre We went there Which was great He keeps in touch with us We keep in touch with him He's very good to this band Keep in touch? He's making a joke Like he touches you Let's all be shocked We know he's a good guy Where's the cough button? At once out already I get it He's been very supportive of our band We really appreciate everything he's done for us Pretty good music scene in Atlanta these days It's great Great urban scene The cool thing about Atlanta is it's very diverse It really had no history It's making it's own history right now Which is kind of cool It's like I said Very diverse Great urban scene, great hip hop Especially during Freak Nick Yeah People got to release Energies I do the same thing But You got the Black Crow You got Ariam Indigo Girls It's just a really cool I think it's a great scene What do you think of the music scene in general? As far as rock goes I think it's great People always talk about that it's Dead or whatever I don't think it is I think things go in cycle To some people to the mass majority It's not going anywhere It's going to be here I remember people talking about it in the 80s And all of a sudden here comes Guns N' Roses They talked about it in the 90s And all of a sudden here comes Nirvana It just goes in cycles It will always be the cornerstone Of pop music to me It just may branch out And get a little bit more different In different areas It's not going anywhere I hope anyway You guys are doing just fine Just fine Do you want to play a couple songs for us? Rumor has it you may Oh my goodness that's what we are waiting on is my acoustic I'm hoping You can just use mine and I'll sing No No I'll listen We can just have Ed play by himself Oh boy What do you want to do? We can take a break What happens? How's that? It's a good show call Alright Anthony the Vermont Teddy Bear Company Easter is this Sunday Do something different this year and send your loved ones an Easter bunny Or a bear grant from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company It's a great way to send a surprise That's truly personal and fun What are you going to do? Send the same little chocolate Easter bunny? For the sweetie to bite the head off of? You can send a Vermont Teddy Bear Or those peeps Peeps I like the peeps but You have to do something different than the peeps Maybe get a Vermont Teddy Bear and a peep I hooked up with some peeps this weekend My sister had them over the house First peeps of the year They're great What color? Pink? The yellow one I go with the pink Bite the heads off of those Alright so if you're thinking of doing something different for Easter This Easter bunny and bear grant thing From the Vermont Teddy Bear Company Sounds like a great idea The bear counselor on the line Sorry I'm still thinking about peeps 1-800-829-BEAR And you can either order the Easter bunny bear grant Or maybe something else They got the chocolate lover bear, the spring fling bunny Or the Easter bear wearing bunny ears Anthony, how cute That would be cool, I think my girlfriend would like that Girls love this I think Jen would enjoy something like that Of course she would We gave our chicks bears And they just freaked out It really is a great gift It's different The Vermont Teddy Bear Company has hundreds of bears to choose from So if none of these bears excite you Or float your boat Well you get on the phone with the bear counselor You tell them a little bit about your lady And they'll suggest some bears for you Yes, a Passover bear Am I looking at that? Get well, new baby, and Passover Wow that's different Look at that, every time these guys Advertise on our show they add more and more bears A very aggressive company The Vermont Teddy Bear Company Give them a call Anthony, Men's Hair Now Let me tell you, seeing is believing That's the saying We finally saw one of the clients from Men's Hair Now today Well let's be honest Yesterday we did a live read for Men's Hair Now And they sounded great You know what they told us They showed us some pictures and stuff And we were like, okay, you guys seem pretty cool But we didn't see any of the people live So we had to see for ourselves Listen how much more excited we are today Because they brought in this guy today And they showed us pictures of him And showed what he, you know, and we saw what he looks like today Because he was with us hanging We couldn't tell the difference I'll tell you something, he came in With one of the people in sales Down at the bottom of the stairs We walked past him I didn't know why he was here Yeah, I thought he was just maybe Another one of our clients Right, I had no idea this was the guy That had the procedure done And then they told us, and we're like, yeah, right And then they showed us the proof, I'm like, wow This is amazing I thought when they brought somebody in That I would be able to tell that he was wearing something Because most of the Things that are available to bald guys Look like hair hats They look awful Looks like you got Barbie doll head Right, so I'm saying Alright, I gotta see this They brought in a guy today Unbelievable You cannot tell, he was sitting How far away from us? Two feet Not even, I stood up to look At his hairline He had a natural hairline Was he wearing bangs, Opie? Was he wearing hair that was in front of his face? No He had his hair pulled back And he had a hairline A natural hairline And we asked him a million questions He's got anything, he doesn't care if it's raining outside He doesn't need an umbrella or a hat If he wants to get his hair wet, he can I still want proof that he is a Men's Hair Now client It looked that good We did see the picture, so we know the guys for real But honestly, you can hear The excitement in our voice We were amazed So you can call Men's Hair Now at 1-800-HAIR-202 That's 1-800-HAIR-202 For Men's Hair Now Try on Men's Hair Now's Hair System 2000 Get the way you look, sign up on the spot And Men's Hair Now will offer you a 50% discount Off their regular prices, Anthony Now that's an offer you can't refuse Appearance is very important these days Whether with women Or success in your job You want to look your best And with Men's Hair Now, if you're going bald This is the way to go It looks great, we saw it today first hand Offer good for two weeks only Now through April 9th, certain restrictions apply Call 1-800-HAIR-202 Or go to Men's Hair.com Alright, so, Anthony We've got to thank Ed and Ross From Collective Soul for stopping on by Very cool and down to earth guys That's what we like to see in our rock stars today Yeah You know, it's always hit or miss when a band comes in here You know, a lot of them are full of You know what? They got the toad, you know, the rock toad Coming on in, yeah, man No, these guys are cool, man But I met them in the beginning when they were just starting out And you know what? Five years later, they're exactly the same That's cool They're humble, they're nice, they'll do anything for the Radio station that supports them Very good Unfortunately, their show is sold out tonight at the Bowery Ballroom But if you got tickets, enjoy Have fun Now I know we've got to play music here, but another one of our buddies is checking in We've got to say hi to him real fast Who's this? Wayne from the Jets You blew us off We had this lovely relationship going You guys were heading toward the Super Bowl And then all of a sudden, what happened to Wayne? Oh, we live? Yeah Oh, you guys dissed me, man What do you mean we dissed you? How did we diss you? We love you We were falling down Falling down? Falling down in Denver Wait a minute, who said that? What did we say? Yeah, what do you say? It was a while ago, but Wrecking of the world, one of the worst games of my life Wait a minute, I defy anybody I could almost Almost word for word And way through that fall down Why did you say that about Wayne? On that one play you fell down, I said it wasn't your fault Well, it kind of was my fault I was defending you though Come on Wayne, remember, it was Opie If you want to kick his ass, feel free, I'll watch I don't know, one day best friend, next day you're in the doorhouse Wait a minute, dude I'm not going to do that I'm not going to be your friend next day you're in the doorhouse Yeah, so that's why you haven't talked to us in three months? No, no, I've been away We had a Bronco bashing party for you guys and everything That scared the hell out of me when you guys did that Did you hear that on the radio? Someone told me about it though It was crazy It was nuts, they were flipping the Bronco and pulling pieces off it It was a great promotion We got like a front page picture on the Jersey paper No kidding, which one? Which one was it? I forget now The Ledger What's the other one? I forgot Whatever So what are you guys doing? We're working on it The boys still listening to the show a little bit or what? Mostly, they piped it WFAN Well, they got a You got to listen to Mike and the Mad Dog Oh, Jesus Wayne, feel bad on the phone How are things going, Wayne? Not really good I'm still a walkman It gets a little noisy Right now, we're just lifting weights and strength and conditioning Getting ready Come on, you guys had a great year No regrets there I think we still could be dead if everyone was on the game That was a frustrating game to be honest with you For Lavis, it was the first time We've got a lot of publicity, a lot of hype A lot of things were expected We're going to come back stronger next year Those Denver fans, what a bunch of assholes What did they do to your sister? There's a big story I forgot now because it's been three months Didn't someone spit on her? What did they do? They said some really unkind things in the paper out there Someone did spit on her But didn't you get in a fight with a fan or something? No What was the story then? I read something that a sister got pushed or something The media out there is pretty rough out there I don't know what they said or what have you Colorado, what do you expect? A bunch of mutants A bunch of rednecks out there They get there with their stupid buck-toothed Elway jerk-off God, did you hate just looking at that guy with those teeth? I don't know Since I was a kid, I've been watching him I really can't stand him They're all just kissing his ass Could be the last appearance of Elway here, Mile Ho! Shut up! Who cares about that guy? I'll just get him out of there next year though Oh really? Get him out of there So you guys are making some good deals on the side here during the offseason? Yeah, we're doing okay My job security increased a little bit with the dismissal of Alex Van Dyke I'll tell you one thing though After I slipped in the field there, I wasn't too sure for a while I gotta ask you because it happens to a lot of athletes How many times have you run that play in your head at night? Well, listening to WFAN and you guys Come on! The first couple of days is kind of rough Come on! That's terrible, man I keep thinking, there are a lot of times where there are a lot of what ifs But I had a good season You did? Yeah, and me and a few of the guys were down to watch the Super Bowl and watch the Pro Bowl And get the feeling as if what if we were there and what could we have done And yeah, we had a good time but it was, we're getting pumped up for this year That sucks though, it's kind of like watching some guy doing your girlfriend, you know? You're watching the Super Bowl, you're like, that should be me! Come on! Damn! If only I got her flowers more often Yeah, there's a lot of what ifs But yeah, I think overall, except for a few plays, it could have gone either way You know, we could have pulled it out Had the Tony treat you after the game? I'm sorry? Had the tuna treat you after the game? No problem at all I think the only thing that he had made strong recommendations to me personally Was he wants to see me wearing gloves and especially in the cold weather, long-sleeved shirts He made it very clear to me Yeah, your arms get slippery, don't they? I don't know, I never had a problem in the past but he seems to think that, you know, it's his team And you turn to him and say, I'd like to see you eating celery No, I mean, I never had a problem in the past but it's just a strong encouragement to Man, don't be hard on yourself You had a great year, the team had a great year No, it felt good except, you know, I was under the weather just before the Denver game Yeah, I remember because we had you on the air Yeah But, God, I'm kind of bummed that you heard us say that you felt that No, I couldn't believe it got slammed It was just over the car And it was just Oh, was that awful? My people just let me down Oh, wait a minute, can we make it up to you? We'd throw these like naked chick parties now We'd invite you down for one There's no way I'm going to that place To be spanked or Just be trouble No, no way in the world Obviously he's got a girlfriend No comment I don't know, maybe you'd listen to Mike though, Mike and the Mad Dog No, I can't stand Mike and the Mad Dog I listen to the fellas in the morning but they make me too nervous to just There's like critiquing everything I think if Wayne would tie his shoe laces a little different That might help his game, right, Mikey? The dog makes me nervous And you guys do a great imitation of the Mad Dog Who does the imitation? Well, I started out with the Mad Dog impersonation And everyone thought I did a pretty good job It's the only impression I could do And then Anthony takes it and makes it even better I hate him I had a wasted youth of much too much television so I just started imitating everything You guys used to TV? I'm like a retarded minor bird No, I watched too much television I did TV for many years Hey, how's Yoshi been? Hey, Paul! Hi, how are you? Why are you here? You ask about me I love the game of football Very good, football looks like big pork roast That was great, we were on the call when I listened to that We just had a ball Yeah So what are you doing in the off season? Anything fun? Doing a lot of working out Like I said, the off season, we went to Hawaii Nice Checked out the Pro Bowl And that was a pretty disrobing treat And I just enjoyed myself It was to get some sunshine and fresh air and clear my head And I spent some time down in Florida Spent some time with my folks And now I'm back home and just staying in shape Give our condolences to Vinnie's family, man That blew It was kind of upsetting But I don't know, I think everyone handled it really well Vinnie's got a strong family And at least the family is finally back at home again with Vinnie back in town Cool He's got his head, everything's in perspective When are you coming down to visit with us? As long as you guys behave yourself If I guarantee there will be no naked women around No spankings Are you allowed to come down and watch someone else get spanked? I don't want to You know you want to check this out Who are you kidding? I could go to your website if I wanted to You guys are too dangerous there I'd like to lock you in there with How about if we lock you in another studio that's adjacent and you won't be able to touch the girls? How about if I like, hit across the street in the next building? Monocular Come on, we watch you down here for one of these parties We'll talk about it another time That girl in the black there looks kind of rough Oh yeah, Spike Spike is a tough broad She's our hardcore champion we call her But that blonde looks pretty hot though Which one, Tara? Yeah, the first one you had on Tara's pretty hot, we like her I told a friend of mine out in California to check into your website there He really could have taken care of that Oh cool, we're finding someone to take on Tara as the hottest girl to ever appear naked on the show How's the search going? We've got four contestants on the website right now, make sure you vote Alright, sure It's tough to get on because the site's getting pounded We're getting like 50,000 hits a day right now Hey, I wrote you a note email and you never sent back Well, we're getting a lot I couldn't get through on that line that I had until Rick paged me with this new one Well, we'll give you the private line I think I have it now, I guess It's tough to get to all the email, to be honest with you We're still reading email that came in three months ago But we're trying to read all of it Well, I guess popularity goes to some people Well, it seems I don't know where you guys should be broadcasting next year from Shut up We're going to try to keep this job What did I say about the mayor of Boston dying? You know too much about us No, I was listening to the way home last night Yeah, it's a year ago that we got fired April Fool's gag kind of went awry That must have got him real big Man, talk about falling on the field We fell flat on our faces No patty, huh? We were not picked up for the next season They really threw you out of Boston for that? They wanted our heads, they tried to sue us, they tried everything We were being followed by camera crews for two weeks straight You're kidding me We couldn't go into a restaurant, a mall, nothing We were hoping something happened that week in the news that would have bumped it out But it was the most boring news week ever So for the whole week they just Two DJs say the mayor's dead And it just didn't stop Wayne, they set up a live shot on my front lawn Get out So I'm watching the news and I'm like, wait a minute That's a shot from my freaking house And I look outside, there's a reporter It was ridiculous I don't know, we've got new security at the complex As of last year and they're pretty good Old Harry was getting on in years He's been there since I was in grammar school Before I was born, I don't know But things are a little better there If you don't want to talk to someone, you don't have to Oh yeah But No, when we got fired, like the company that we were with They didn't even want to know us anymore So now we had no one to protect us It was scary It was scary Where are you going next year? We're going to shut up this April 1st I don't buy that, what are you guys planning? They're thinking of giving us the day off They don't trust us I don't trust you We'll come back on April 2nd and say that Giuliani is a transvestite No, we want to keep this job now that we're building an audience For a while there we thought we didn't want to keep this job Giuliani doesn't have enough hair to be a transvestite Beluga whale head Did you hear our show when we came up with 500 nicknames for Giuliani's head? No That was a great show Yeah, pretty fun 500 nicknames? Yeah, Simon Barcinister was my favorite He looks like he's wearing a football helmet without the face guard Doesn't he? And a little tough to hair He's rough, man, I've seen this kid on TV Really? Yeah So what do I have to do, guys? Alright, well we'll let you go Okay, was this whole thing on the air? Yeah, this is what we do We're on the air Okay We used to be a lot more careful Our whole life is on the air These days we really don't care Let me say a little about family and I doubt they're listening Go ahead, man My dad wishes you the best and I'll see you real soon Okay And you fellas take care and stay in touch, okay? Well, Wayne, man, don't be down on us No, not down at all Because we thought we made a connection with you and we were kind of bummed when you didn't check in for like three months No, I was out of town And we apologize that you heard that That you heard that He's not apologizing about saying it I just had to reset the dials, you know, the radio things in the car Oh, look at you, come on That's all I had to do And you will be coming down here the next wild party we throw We'll make sure you're in no pictures and you won't touch the ladies If any handcuffs come along me, someone's going down Alright Hey fellas, stay cool, good luck to you, alright? Take it easy, Wayne, say hello to the guys Bye-bye Hold on for a sec Okay Wayne Crabet from the Jets checking in, very cool Good guy, man I can't believe you heard that, so What are you, crazy? Yeah, I guess I don't remember exactly what you said If you just reported accurately what happened on the field, that's one thing But if you started giving him some crap I don't think we did though We're going to have to pull the tape I think being a huge Jet fan, I was just, you know, I was frustrated like everyone else But that wasn't a play that made or broke the game Exactly You know? Alright Alright, Wayne Crabet everyone We'll get him in here Yeah The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW Stone Temple Pilots, sex type thing and plush You're hanging with Opie and Anthony? Oi Got to hand it to the faithful listeners for just pounding the website with the four girls on it Yeah? Yeah We have 22,000 votes in thus far For the next challenger for Tara We're going to announce the winner Friday because the problem is A lot of people still haven't seen the photos, believe it or not From Friday's party I'm hearing it from the people, Opie They're saying that the web server is very slow Having a hard time getting connected to it It's just getting pounded Yeah I noticed it's a lot easier to get on after we leave Exactly So at night That's what I was going to suggest Yeah I mean right now it's almost impossible But after we get off the air or late tonight No, when we're done with our show and the emphasis is on music Maybe you could hit the website And then you could get something, you know You could get through, I'm sure So wait for the wife to go to bed and then punch up the pictures tonight Right Late night when you're supposedly doing online banking Yeah Honey, I'm banking Right Doing that banking 3 in the morning But we need all the faithful listeners to get their vote in For the four girls that are on the website right now To see who's going to take on Tara And we just upped the ante It looks like Priceline.com is coming through for us They're going to give away a trick to the winner of this contest That's good Alright That's real good It's very good Because we'll get some class acts in well Well, Taryn, a bunch of other people kind of expressed to us They want this contest to stay a little classier than it has been lately, Anthony I don't understand What's the problem? I don't know We kind of had a party atmosphere in here Friday Maybe things got a little crazy But I don't know if the class factor dipped any lower than it did But I think people are appreciating it Of course Sure, most people enjoyed it Yes And that will be cool So one of the ladies will be winning a trip from Priceline.com Great And then we're just going to keep upping the ante until who knows Until we get a supermodel walking through the door That will be cool Alright, I've got to say hi to John the Elevator Man from Jersey You guys are the best. Listen every day. Keep up the good work Just inducted into the Hummer Club ten minutes ago Thanks Later guys We're not hearing from a lot of people getting inducted today Well, we haven't talked about it that much That doesn't mean it's not happening I think a lot of people are doing it Privacy, they're on their own home You think everyone's been inducted at this point? Is our job done Anthony? Do we get every guy in the New York area Hummer at this point? I don't think so That would be nice Our job here is done We can move on I can dream, can I? Yes Alright I think tomorrow we start our new little thing Yeah, we might have to fade out the Tuesday Night Hummer Club If this Wednesday, I think, you know, takes off And then we'll bring back the Tuesday Night Hummer Club You know, in the fall or something It may be time to rest the Tuesday Night Hummer Club I don't know I don't know either We'll see I know the guys are like, what are you nuts? Hey Mike Hello Hey, what do you got? Hey, I just wrote a song about the Hummer Club I thought you might guys might like to hear it It's sung to the tune of Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious Come on, how are you going to pull this off? Oh, well, you'll hear it From Mary Poppins I got to do it without music though It's called the Super Tuesday Hummer Club And that's one word Okay Okay And here goes Don't mind if it's with no music So here we go Uh oh Oh, my name's Michael by the way I'm from Harvestor up in Rockland County Rockland County Alright, Mikey These two guys on the radio They made up a game I guess we should be more precise A club's a better name And for all to join this club You have to take a chance Super Tuesday Hummer Club It's time to drop your pants Oh, Super Tuesday Hummer Club Oh, it feels delicious And they say the juice that comes might really be nutritious If you practice hard enough He'll really know what bliss is Super Tuesday Hummer Club Oh, it feels delicious Hummed it a little bit Hummed it a lot Hummed it a little bit Hummed it a lot Second verse Oh, man I got my girl to join and every Tuesday is just fine We're very loyal members and she likes to take her time But now I'm getting greedy and I have to let her know That it feels good just like it should But two for Tuesday's how to go Oh, Super Tuesday Hummer Club Oh, it feels delicious And they say the juice that comes might really be nutritious If you practice hard enough He'll really know what bliss is Super Tuesday Hummer Club Oh, it feels delicious Hummed it a little bit Hummed it a lot Third verse No, no, no, no Oh, that's the best one You got to leave on and up These guys, Opie and Anthony They really are in the dream I'm glad that they made up this club Just go guys can cream But now they have to come up with a club Just for the girls The Monday Munch a bunch of bush Hey, let's give that a whirl Okay, that's it I think you should have stopped after the first verse Oh, okay Now let's hear it for Mike That was pretty good, man Yeah, we'll give you a hand there All right Very good, bro I like your show, you guys are great Hey, thanks, we appreciate that Thank you very much All right, buddy Bye The vocal stylings Of Mike Of Mike All right, it's Opie and Anthony And this is kind of interesting On the phone is Wayne Cravet Wayne Yeah The Ray and Wayne Cravet Now you don't sound like the Wayne Cravet That was on our show about a half hour ago No, no, no That was a forgery, that was a fake So it's a bad call This is like What's My Line or something This is like a retarded game show or something Wait a minute So you are Wayne Cravet I am Wayne Cravet From New Jersey You play with the New York Jets So Well, how can we prove that you're the Wayne Cravet And the other guy is an imposter Well, the next time the imposter calls Ask him some kind of football question Or something he might not know that maybe Well, he knew Off the air I'll give you a tidbit about myself Maybe he's definitely not going to know Well, he knew that there was a security guard at the stadium Named what, Hank? Harry Harry whatever But that was common knowledge in the paper That guy wouldn't let me in when I was a rookie Because I thought I was a student What's this guy's motivation I wonder then If he wants to Because he faxed us with some Jets letterhead Right Also My father had a Jets letterhead I do, but I don't even have faxed him yet But I mean I get like A lot of fan mail And I mean you get all different types I get pictures from Lonely Housewives Any kind of person you want Send a picture sending this and a net There's all different kinds of people out there So Wayne, what are you doing on the off season? Let's just run through this again I actually just got back from Jamaica I did You know, you remember the East Side of the Jeep Eagle Superstars? Yeah Well I did that this weekend They're actually airing it next Saturday and Sunday coming up If you might remember the other Wayne Corbett was in Hawaii I was in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl Oh okay Well hey, what do you say about that? Did he say why he went down? Well yeah, he said that he was getting laid a lot No, he didn't No, no, he said he was there for the Pro Bowl I was just thinking Because Vinny, actually Vinny Testaverde took me down So he didn't get that right He should have got that right though because I was in the paper Yeah, he did Well if the other Wayne Corbett is listening You gotta call in now and confess My dueling Corbett? Well no, but if the guy scammed us We love when people scam us, we'll admit it If you put it on here, just say that ain't cool Well no, you're on the air live, dude Alright, don't do something like that I don't know what your angle is but That's not cool, don't do that man I work hard to keep a clean cut image And you know, do the right thing So I don't need someone trying to ruin it for me Well that's why if indeed he is not the Wayne Corbett And you are, he didn't say anything that would trigger us to think That it wasn't you or him Because he wasn't bashing you or anything It seemed like your persona, you know I don't know man, maybe he likes me Well maybe he likes you, that's scary And that makes it even scarier That I really want him to stop I know this is only Wayne Corbett in the world Well do you like our radio show? Yeah man, you got good stuff I tell you guys, you guys are very funny Come on, at least there's a common thread here You sure he's not your twin brother? Nine out of ten Wayne Corbett's surveyed like the Opie and Anthony show I have no brothers There's another Wayne Corbett in the world, that's my father But that certainly wasn't him on the phone Even though he wants to be me sometimes That wasn't him, he wouldn't go that far Man, this is bizarre Because you guys kind of have the same persona like Anthony was saying And he knows a lot about you Opie, Joe Willey Namitz on line two, four and seven That's the thing, I don't know man, that's scary I said that's real scary Well Wayne, can we make it up to you and have you come in for our next naked girl party? Hey, you got the naked girl party going on? Here's the real Wayne Corbett It is the real Wayne, if anybody knows me they know I'll be there I'll be the first on line, I'll be the outticket man I'm serious, if you want to get down here we're going to be doing something soon Where are you guys located? We're in 57th, 7th, Manhattan I'm calling, I'm listening to the radio station I'm like, save the damn number so I can call in And I'm trying to call in for your phone number for information But you know what, I'm in the city a lot I'm going to drop down one of these days and face to face I'll match the face with the voice, definitely Alright, please stop by soon Because we've got an end to this Yeah, definitely If Numb Nuts calls back, tell him to go to his other split personality Because this one ain't working You think he's using your name to get laid and stuff? Hey man, it's just working I don't go on the radio He's going to call next time as Kishon I might call him and give him a bad rap He might be using your name to go in the gay clubs and stuff Oh, come on, that's awful Can you imagine, that just has to suck I don't even want to think about that All the ladies out there, I'm straight as can be Because I know you know that's a fact Wayne, we've got to make this up to you We're going to bring you down for our next naked girl party Alright, man I'm serious And if you're the real Wayne Krabat, we apologize Yeah, we apologize Confusion I've got the number that I called again to touch you guys What time are you guys on the air from? 3 to 7 Next time I'm in the city, man I'm calling that number and I'm telling them to buzz me in No, just come in Open invite, alright? I appreciate it, man Screen your calls, man You're ready to call up You sound a lot like the other guy though, I must say How's your off season going? It's fine, fine Well, we got all those answers from the other Wayne Krabats We don't need to go through it again How am I doing? Good Jesus You're doing pretty well Yeah, I mean it sounds like this guy got me down pat And he's not even brave enough to call back in to confront you He hasn't called back So I must say you have to be the real thing He'll probably wait until you hang up and then call him and go Who was that in five minutes? Who was that? Alright, we'll get to the bottom of this before 7 Hey Wayne, hold on the line for a minute, alright? I sure will, man Line two is a little controversy here on the Opie and Anthony show Line two is another Wayne Krabat Wait, line three, Wayne Krabat Wait, line three, Wayne Krabat Where's Kitty Carlisle? I.N.A.W. Alright, this is Wayne Krabat I couldn't resist, guys Okay, listen, so which one do you think was the real Wayne Krabat? The first guy or the second guy? Number two, man, number two Number two is obvious, huh? I'll pick it up to him and throw him a naked girl party Absolutely, guys, you guys are great, man Hey, thanks, thanks, Wayne Alright Hi, I.N.A.W. Yeah, hi, how you doing? I just want to tell you guys, I think you guys are great I've been listening to your show for, since you guys have been on Hey, thanks, man And I just got my girlfriend into listening to you guys the last couple of months And she loves you guys too She loves the Yoshi skit I've been telling her about the thing you do with Donald Duck and all the family Archie and Edith Right If you can play those two skits so she can hear them That would be great, I'd really appreciate it I listen to you guys all day, I drive for a living So I'm on the road all day And I just look forward to three o'clock every day to listen to you guys That makes our day, thanks Yeah, it's really, you guys are great and she loves you too She loves Yoshi too But you never heard the Edith thing and the Donald Duck thing You know what I'm talking about Alright, listen, you're live on the air, I'm going to hang up with you And we're going to play a twofer of, you know, Hummer, whatever you call it Whatever you just asked for You know the Donald Duck thing, you know what I'm talking about With the towel and, can I get you a towel? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we'll start with the Donald Duck and we'll do the Edith as soon as I hang up with you Alright, great, thank you very much, you guys are great Hey, thanks, man Alright, bye-bye Alright, for that guy, we'll give him a lease, let's do it The first guy totally had me, man Yeah, we like when we get scammed without a house That's a good job, because he didn't do anything where at the end, you know, there was a Baba Bowie or F. Jackie or anything, yeah? Alright, alright So I figured it was totally legit Hey man, we love a good prank like anyone else Sure, that's funny, man We pulled our pranks out I want to hear from that guy Yeah, call back the fake Wayne for Betty