 I'm Toby, you guys are God and Anthony. Wait two minutes, we'll say something really dumb. One of us is better than the other. Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Virgin. Ha ha ha! Okay, brother. Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Virgin. Oh, please, a ribbon. Oh, no! Ha ha ha! And... Woo! Go! What? What the? What's that, man? Vagina! Vagina! Come on, come on! Come on! Come on! Ha ha ha! That guy is from an evil. It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Ouch! Ouch! Ha ha ha! Well, ladies and gentlemen, hey, we survived. Hey, we're here. Stupid New York radio message board. Isn't that funny? Not suspended, asses. What a bunch of douchebags. A bunch of tools. How was it? Dancing. A friend of mine at Wins called me and told me, shut up! You guys make me laugh my yam bag off. Ha ha! Shut up! I was laughing my yam bag off. Suspended. Get out of here. Oh, Aunt and I will be doing the entire show standing up, if you know what I mean. Yeah, but suspended, I mean, a little harsh, right? Right, Aunt? Of course. Right? There's the usual suspect on that message board that's just like, don't get it. They're so friggin', they know exactly what's going on. All their little behind the scenes brands in radio. They're all just like, yeah, I know. Oh, once this one hears about this and that, shut up! Shut up! Kiss my ass! Oh, go discuss what the saddest moment on the air was. Go do that. Leave us and our listeners alone. I was happy we hadn't been on that board in quite a while, and it was good. But then they all got to speculate when we do something. Oh my God. It's been a while, 20 hours, I'll say that much. It was pretty intense down the hall, I'll say that much. Ow. But I think we might have skated on this one, Anthony, for now. For now. For now. Let's see. Oh, I was a little too close for comfort, don't you think? Woo-hoo! Someone should have been the sensible one. See, we're a team, Opie, so one of us is like a safety for the other one. My friend, I blame you. Why me? I blame you for the whole damn thing. Come on! Because when the atom bomb was about to be dropped yesterday on our radio show, I'll go on record and say that I was having some second thoughts. You were. And that's when the boss came spreading down the hallway because he goes, when I hear that Ope has second thoughts on the radio, then I know it's really, really bad. It might be bad, yeah. And in the old life, that is, Anthony. Yeah. You were a little more conservative, Anthony. You were the voice of reason for our show. You were so gung-ho yesterday, it scares me. Sometimes. I am going to go on record and say that you, my friend, are going to get us fired someday. No, believe me, you are the one. You are completely out of control. You are the one. Living this new groovy, you know, lifestyle and you don't give a nap anymore. Groovy lifestyle? What's my groovy lifestyle? That's cool. Oh. Yeah, well, hey, I wanted to, you know, I wanted to be part of it yesterday, so I didn't say anything as far as... I got really scared when it was going down. I'm like, oh, I just saw our whole lives flash before our eyes again. I'm like, oh, this situation is a little familiar to me. Ouch. I've been here before. Ouch. Ouch. Everything going along just fine and next thing we're... We're screwed. So, I don't think it's over though. No. No, not yet. Can someone get me a really soft pillow so I can sit down today? It happens. I mean, you know, that's what we're on the air for. All right, full line, 2127571027. Roger, what's going on? General Prentice? General Thurston? Yeah. Congratulations on yesterday's mission. Well, you know, there will always be some flak, some false news. I think we should call the police. I think we should call the police. Well, you know, there will always be some flak, some fallout when you have something like the A-bomb. Well, I'm happy to see that you're on the air this morning and there's no slappy and whappy afternoon show. I mean, 50 years, over 50 years after, well, just about 50 years after the A-bomb in Japan, they're still bringing it up like a bad thing. So, you know, you can't expect it to go away in a day. There will be kids born with stumpy arms because of what we did yesterday. Stumpy arms. Great show again today, guys. Syndication, screw syndication. I can still hear you. Go, Nick! You know, at this point, screw syndication. I just want to keep my job. Yeah. We'll just, we'll be satisfied with just keeping our one job at one radio station. We may have pushed off syndication for a little while now. We were doing so well. Stupid! Y'all so stupid! How does it happen? How does this happen? Every time. We were so close. We were good for a month. We were good for a month, right? Right? Yeah. Let's go to Jerry. Jerry, you're next on N.E.W. How are you? Great, guys. I had a great show yesterday, but I got to tell you, I spent the whole day on the phone. I was trying to rent a 14-inch U-Haul, thinking I'd have to move to another city to keep hearing you guys. 14-inch U-Haul. Hey, it's syndication now, guys. Take care. Good job. Thank you. Joe, what's up? Hey, is it true that Michael Mark is starting a remake of the Lloyd Bridges show, C. Hunt? Yeah, remember C. Hunt? Hey, you guys going to back him up? No, we'll hang him out to dry in a second. Wait a minute, I'll be on. I have to check the Geiger counter. Yeah. Wow, this area is very irradiated. Oh my God. There's a lot of radiation in the area. Shrapnel all over the office. Yeah. All over our asses. Yeah. Let's go to Sal on line one. Sal, what's up? Yes, I was very injured by the radiation. I want to sue you, precious, and then I'll be back. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was very injured by the radiation. I want to sue you, precious, and Anthony. I was down by the blast site and my eyes were blinded and I couldn't see. Not bad. I'm going to sue you. Sue everyone. Slim Jim from Manhasset. Hey, ONA, what are the odds of us ever hearing a replay of the A-Vom? Well, zero. You have a better chance of finding out about Aunt's mom and a Met player. Right? It's a nice N category. Let's just put it that way. Yeah. I'm reading some instant feedback. You guys are brutal. Hi, Don and Mike. You two sure sound a lot like Gopi and Anthony. Oh my God. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, Alan. Alan on the message board chiming in, okay. What is he saying now? That, yes, we didn't get suspended, but according to them themselves, they got quite the reprimand for the little incident yesterday with the NBC. So the board isn't as far off as they like to pretend. Now, what I'm saying is, yes, some people had it kind of right. We were going to get reamed out for it, but there are other people making it sound like, you know, people are talking, they're reading memos, and that's all bull crap, Alan. That's what I was saying. That's the bull part. And it's the same frigging people, the same people that cannot stand this program, get on and start talking out of their butts. That's it. You know, I don't even want to run down the list, but you know who you are. They've been on there plenty of times and how they can't stand this program, and I see no fact in what they're posting up on there about reading memos from WINS. WINS doesn't have anything to do with us. Our GM doesn't even work up there anymore. Boy, Alan, quick to post. What's the matter? In between racists? In between drilling? Or is somebody still numbing up from the Nova King? What's up, Alan? Bill, what's going on? Guys. Yeah, Bill? You guys are frigging geniuses. I wouldn't go that far, believe me. No, I don't think it had anything to do with intelligence. I still got radiation burns on my body from the damn nuclear fallout from yesterday. Oh my God. I just want to thank everyone that sent an email. I've gone through over a thousand already. Yeah, it's been sick. It's been sick. We only get about 200 a day from you guys. We can't really answer you back anymore. But overnight we got over a thousand emails. Dude, I almost crashed my car, I swear to God, three times on the way home yesterday. It was the funniest thing I ever heard in my life. And then I saw the video on the website, and I sort of got my monitor almost cracked. Yeah, well, the interesting thing, everyone had about 40 minutes to find a TV. So, I mean, there were so many freaking people that checked it out yesterday. I mean, just that little hand creeping up over the shoulder and all of a sudden they're in it. Oh my God. Guys, you rule. I've been listening for a long time. You guys are the funniest guys I've ever heard in my life. Oh, look at that. Thank you, bro. And I was also at the sticker stop yesterday and donated to the What's Her Name's cause. Yeah, she's going to be all right. Yeah? I guess Trish had a little problem with the cops out there in Jersey yesterday. It was the funniest thing. You know what the funny part was? The Hillside cops were coming in to get stickers, and Union cops are there to take her away. Yeah. And Hillside cops are coming in, we want stickers, we don't care about the girl. I guess she got on top of a 12-foot ladder. Yeah, she got on top of a 12-foot ladder, and as I turned around, I got kind of a half a wout, and the cops were like, okay, that's enough. And the blues were just, you could hear the blues for like a mile. And then all of a sudden they pulled the cops down, and we're like, oh, come on. And that was the end. They put her in a car, and I don't know what happened after that. And then all of a sudden the cash started flowing. Guys are throwing 20s, 10s, 50s. Yeah, I'm happy to report she's going to be just fine. Yeah, but anyway, you guys rule, and I just wanted to let you know. Thanks a lot. All right, man. Bye. Bye. That was very funny. That was very funny. Didn't we just talk to you for an hour? No, no, I just wanted to tell you that, you know something? I laughed my ass off yesterday. Yeah, this is our boss from the south. Now here's another joke. Here's one for you. Maybe I can make you laugh. You're fine. How's that? That's a good goddamn joke, isn't it? That's a funny one. No, it wasn't, you know, goddamn. Wasn't that, was it? No. No. It wasn't a crap. No. No, no, no. Wasn't a wow. No. No. Oh, how you boys loved the world, don't you? Put wow on TV. We've done that a lot, sure. See you next Tuesday. Yep. Un-f-ing-believable. Now look, you got me cursed. And I don't say goddamn. I told you that. You boys are stupid. More checks in the stupid column. I'm going to find out who the hell Colonel Clipper 12 is. Be fired on first-round hire just so I can fire him. Fred Flaystone from Bedrock. Cidication when the A-bomb gets re-broadcasted. Keith wants to know if it's okay to come out of the fallout shelter, I think. No, I would stay in there for just a little longer, believe me. I know we'll be in the fallout shelter for a little longer. We've been here for quite a long time. Do you know that they're selling the tape on eBay already? Oh. What? You guys, you haven't got a screw it up telling me, man. I'm serious. Really? Check it out for yourself. The lesson's down now. Charlie, what's going on? You guys get on first thing. Can you explain a little bit of what's going on? Because I wasn't listening when it went down. Were you listening yesterday at all? And early on, you know, from three to four maybe? All right. Just think of the sickest word you can imagine. And just imagine it being on live TV. The sickest word. All right. That's about it. Okay. What channel would you get on, though? On a big sign. On what? The news? While they're trying to do a live news story, yes. Beautiful. Beautiful. Thank you. Okay, terrific. Yeah. Okay, terrific. I got another joke for you. Southern guy, yeah. Knock, knock. Who's there? No one. You're fired. You get it? See? You can face it knock, knock the way you're supposed to answer. Now you're not there. Berga from New Rochelle. I got out of work Wednesday in Midtown around six, and I saw a little Vietnamese girl running naked crying with her skin hanging off. What happened? Oh, no. All right. Syndication when we colonize Mars. Great. They're selling the tape of the A-bomb on eBay for $10.50. Quantity, one. Time lapse, six days and three hours. Someone just sent me some still pictures of it. It's just really bad. It's popping up now. Wait, turn around, turn around. This is not right. That's really bad. Sub, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? All over the internet already. That was so funny yesterday. I laughed so hard, but the question I have for you guys now is you sound a little scared. I'm wondering if you guys are not going to go the next level. What could possibly be the next level? I don't know, but there's always more to explore. That's what I mean. You could always explore it. I'm wondering if you guys are going to be a little scared now. You could possibly have your jobs on the line. When you do gonzo radio, radio in the gonzo style. I'm just going to put it all out on the line and see what happens. That's just horrible. Well, you have to. You have to go that next step or else people are going to get bored. Well, we'll figure something out. Right on, man. Great show. Thank you, Sub. It's all over the internet. I'm looking at the pictures. It's just horrendous. Yeah, look at this thing. Look out. Look out this red arrow light in the back of the pointy crush. Oh, that's it. I thought someone just put that in there. Oh, my God. Part of the background scenery. Wow. Oh, my God. Tim, what's going on? Hey, guys. How are you? We were planning on getting fired the day before the 22nd anniversary, which is today. Was that like planned? No, it was not planned. Well, happy new year. We got fired in Boston on our three-year anniversary, didn't we? Yeah, we did. Yeah, New York on the two-year. That'd be great. By the way, we did sign a contract two years ago today. Yeah, congratulations. Two years ago today, all the critics in New York said we wouldn't last six months. Two years later. Now we're up to two years. Now they're saying, well, now they won't make it until September. New York up in arms because of you guys. Well, you know what we're going to do? I guess we started broadcasting on afternoon drive. June 26th I'm here. I think right around that day we're going to have to go somewhere and buy beers for everyone. Yeah, definitely. So, you know, another little out and about after the show in some local bar. So keep your calendar free. End of the month we'll do something cool if we're still around. All right. Well, as I said on your birthday, syndication when your wife is born. F you, Jennifer. Bye. Wow. All right. Well, we're going to get into some other things today. Right, Anthony? Yeah. Josh, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's going on? Yeah, okay. I just spoke to my girlfriend and she was like 10 minutes late for her job kind of thing. So the district manager is there, right? And the guy goes, why are you late? She said, well, I had some car problems this morning, you know, real life stuff. And the guy goes, well, especially in such company, real life stuff doesn't happen. And she goes, okay, terrific. And she's like, okay, terrific. Really loud and just like walks right past it. Like she lives upstate. So she was teaching you guys with me. And like I've been saying, okay, terrific. And she like hates you guys. And it's really funny that she's gone around saying that now. So she got fired and she said, okay, terrific. Exactly. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, syndication with movies, right? All right, man. Peace. Bye. Well, L.B., obviously a lot of people speculating as to what the, after the A bomb is dropped, what possibly the hydrogen bomb, the H bomb could be. I don't think we'll be finding that out for quite some time. Oh, no. You must assess the damage. We have to do a damage assessment. See if there was any collateral damage, they call it. You know? And then, then we'll start pondering what possibly the H bomb could be. I don't even know what that could be. After this one, everyone's on pins and needles associated with this radio show right now. Very scared. Well, Anthony, how about those Knicks? Well, I don't know much about basketball, as you know, L.B., but even I know. They had a good lead. They blew it and lost the game. And Ewing was indeed in the lineup. The entire game, more or less. It's so funny, I was reading the email before the show. Bunch of idiots out there. When the Knicks are up by 18, everyone's emailing me like crazy. Hey, oh, Ewing's in the lineup and they're up by 18. What do you have to say about this now? They'll say people didn't, you know, right back after they lost. Did you happen to watch the, did you watch the cartoon Clerks last night? Was it good? It was pretty fun. I liked it. But one thing, the jury, they had like a trial going on, like a people's court thing. The jury was like the Knicks. And they had a dream sequence and Patrick Ewing was, he was dreaming that he actually made a jump shot. And won like a championship. And then they have wake ups and pants. It was pretty funny. That's all with the sense of humor. That's funny. So yeah, that was a tough loss yesterday, obviously. I don't think we need to spend 12, 15 hours on it. Well, I think you're wrong, Obie. I think we need to spend about the next five hours. Those guys are about to commit suicide over there. Over the Knick loss. How do they do it? Can we have a spaz van damage update? Yes, we will get into that. I went downstairs to the garage last night to get my vehicle and walked over to the van just so I could take a look. He's out of his effing mind when he says, oh, there's nothing. All right, this is what we'll do. There's nothing, baby. This is what we'll do. Baby. This is what we'll do. We need people to check out the pictures for themselves. Yeah. We're going to take a quick break. We'll talk about the A-bomb all day long, by the way. Don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. We're just getting warmed up here. All right. The damage to the wow van can be seen at www.com. Oh, it can. Yeah. Rick and Ben snuck down to the garage. They took a couple of pictures. It is now up on www.com. I guess you've got to go to the Opie and Anthony section. All right. We're going to take a quick break so you guys can check out the pictures and then give us a call and you tell us what you think of the damage. Spaz basically saying it's just a scratch and then he wants to bring his own pain in and paint the van. Paint? Yes. And we'll talk to Spaz next as well. 212-757-1027. Where the fuck you at? Opie and Anthony. More stupidity is on the way. 1027-W-N-E-J. Anthony, time out in New York. The obsessive guy for impulsive entertainment. Weekend almost upon us. Here? Yeah. What are you going to do? You're going to wander around with your head up in the air going, huh? What do we do? We're in New York, Manhattan, the biggest city in the world. And what are we going to do? You walk around, I don't know. What do you want to do? I don't know. You're in a dance, you're walking the door of a club or something that seems cool. All of a sudden you're hanging out with the rubes from the Midwest or who knows, maybe you're in a gay bar or something. I don't know. You got to figure out what you want to do. Pick up Time Out New York, the obsessive guy to impulsive entertainment. It's available at any of the number of newsstands around the city. Run and pick it up for the summer concert preview issue. Ah, plan on going to at least one concert this summer? You can't afford to miss this issue, including a round off of out of town classical music fest, a guide to free outdoor concerts, including Central Park Summer Stage and the low down. Hey, wait a minute, Central Park Summer Stage. Is that a remember the skank poetry whore chick? She does it in the middle of the woods, Anthony. Do they have that listed in Time Out New York where you could get a BJ while you listen to poetry from the naked poetry skank ho? I believe she does it in the middle of the woods, Anthony. Maybe it's in the guide to free outdoor concerts, including Central Park Summer Stage. You never know. The low down on eight acts that are rockin' the New York City club circuit and a rundown of summer jazz festivals. Pick it up, Time Out New York or get a subscription 1-888-GET-TONY, Time Out New York, the obsessive guy to impulsive entertainment, Get It and Get Out, the opian Anthony of boobies and whores show. By seven o'clock, I think you're going to say, you know what? We're having a pretty good time today. One oh two seven WNEW. All right. You're listening to the most interactive radio show in America, Anthony. Oh, yes. Our listeners are a huge part of this goddamn radio show. This guy's going to get us fired one day, but what the hell will go for broke? Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. A lot of people checking out the damage to the the wow van, Anthony. Yeah. If you weren't listening to the whole show yesterday, Spaz went to the Wow sticker stop. I should announce today's West End stop real fast. We're going to be giving out the Wow stickers at Strauss discount auto three forty five Connor Street in the Bronx. We'll be there in an hour with black. Another mess to be had today for sure. So if you want to get your Wow stickers and you're in the Bronx, Strauss discount auto within the hour. Three forty five Connor Street in the Bronx. Jeff Norris going. Gorilla Boy will be there too. Cool. He does a great job. All right. So yesterday we sent Spaz to the Wow sticker stop, Anthony. Yeah. And well, he crashed the van in front of a I don't know, three, four, maybe five hundred listeners. Yeah. He had a cement pillar that was in front of the place. He's trying to back up onto a sidewalk or something. What a tool. He like was trying to get over the curb. So it's like a handicap ramp and it wasn't it wasn't wide enough. Yeah, but only one of his wheels were able to fit on the handicap ramp. The other one was on the curb. So we had to get a gas. But as he's gassing it, he's like got the wheels cut. So when it finally pops over the curb, it goes off to the right and smacks into the the cement pole. Yeah. So we went down into the garage and we finally got pictures of the damage. I'm looking over here and you can check them out at W.A.W. dot com. Just go to opiate Anthony and your comments right off the bat. When he says it was nothing. Now, this isn't nothing yet. It's not total. I mean, obviously, but this is something that you would really be upset about if it was your car and it didn't have a wasn't beat up. It had just been painted. And you come home and see this on it. Yeah, it would freak the f out. Oh, yeah. Look at the mirror. All I know when I got remember when I got my Cougar like three years, four years ago. Sure. And I had just gotten it was brand new. First new car I ever owned in my life. So psyched to have it was black. Beautiful. I park it at a rest stop to run in and take a leak and get a soda. I come out. Someone had opened their door and put a ding right in the door. I swear if I would have known who that was, I would have killed the person for a ding in the door. I would have killed the person. Now, a vast majority of spas doing this to the van, which had just been painted, doesn't have body damage. And he says it's nothing. Now, if a ding on the door set me off, imagine if I saw this kind of damage on my vehicle. I'm just trying to show you how how like really bad this is. We have Mike from the garage in the studio. He's a good friend of ours. Yeah, I see him every day. And Mike was telling everyone around here that spas is a complete tool. Yeah, man. He's crazy. He can't drive. No, because when he came to pick up the vehicle, he's holding his head down. Yeah. I was saying, man, this guy, been a sick guy. His head's all down. I was going to hock him for his driver's license. I swear, man. Yeah, because he looked so nervous. You know, you see all the guys go down into the garage to get the van and stuff. And Earl. I used to see Ben. And Ben. And Michael Mark. They're all relatively normal, right? Yeah, but this guy was holding his head down. I was like, man, I'm not going to give a vehicle to this guy. I can't believe it. Here he is. All right, spas. Spas. You are out of your mind. I got to say that you did you see the damage to the van? And you say it's nothing. It is OK. OK. First down now before you say anything, we have pictures. Come here. Look at this picture. Do you see that this is actually dented? That's dented. I went down. I went down last night and looked at this. What are you going to go to the hobby store and get some matte black that you paint your model rockets with and just go over it? How are you going to paint that? Look, it's dented right here, right by where the seam of the door meets and on the other side. And over here, I went down and look and you tried slapping a sticker over it last night. I went downstairs to look at it. I'm like, where's this? Oh, look, look, you put a sticker over it. Good to know. Now let's back up. What happened yesterday? Well, I got there fine. I drove the van perfect there. No, perfect. No, you guys didn't even see me drive. How could you make any comments on it? Because I heard. You didn't. Yesterday you were not with me in the van, so you can't make any comments. I drove perfect there. And then I get there. Big Kev says, you know what? I think it'd be better if you parked up on the curb in front of GameStop. So he started directing me on the curb and I just didn't cut the wheel right. Didn't cut the wheel right. You're backing up the curve. No, I didn't back up. I was going forward. You were going forward and you hit this? Yeah. Did you see it right next to you? It was on my blind side. Blind side? It hit the mirror. How is the mirror your blind side? I'm stunned by it. It hit the mirror. That's got to be the part of the vehicle that you see the most. The mirror. Other people hit your mirror. You don't hit your own mirror. It hit the back of the mirror, not the front of the mirror. It doesn't matter. It's a pole in front of your truck. It went like this. No, it hit the back of the mirror and pushed the mirror to the side. How is that your blind spot if it hit the mirror? Anything that hit the mirror would be in plain view of you in the driver's seat. I had my sunglasses on and I wasn't looking. Look, I think he was going forward. I was going forward. You were going forward. So you had to have your... So bad. So bad. Somebody said punch the gas because I wasn't making it over the curb. So I punched the gas. Thank God someone didn't say run over some pedestrians. I heard somebody say punch the gas. I'm going to take your job here. You've got to give me a job. Yeah, you can take it. No problem. You have a lot of experience driving cars in tight areas, around cement poles. Have you ever smacked into anything down there? No. See? Imagine spaz working in the parking garage downstairs. Oh boy. People would be like, what is this? I didn't know it was my bike but I came out of the corner. I was talking. I'm sorry, baby. So spaz wants to bring in paint and paint the damage. I'd paint it and it would be good as new. It would? You're kidding. What about some dents? There is no dents. It's dented. I saw it last night. How do you know they weren't there before I got the van? Oh, and cleverly write under where the new abrasions are. All right, if you're going to play that game... Hold on, hold on. Rod, Rod, Rod. Yo. What's up? Hey, what's up, guys? You got a tape of the crash? Yeah, me and my brother were there. We had a cab quarter and we mailed the tape in today. You saw the whole crash? No, we saw it from what he pulled up out to the sidewalk. Now, number one, he pulled up out to the sidewalk on a strip pole. I mean, I don't even know how he fit the van. There's about three feet of room. Why did he make a giant van out to the sidewalk? Big Kev told me that it's got to be in front of GameStop. So I did what he said. Literally, he was almost through the window. He was almost through the window. You're like one of those old ladies driving down the aisle. I was a lawyer. Anyway, we had the camera out and he bent over and his butt hit the camera's face. And he's looking at the thing like, wow, what do I do? And I've been listening to the show and I always thought it was partially an act. But I'm like, no, it's real. It's real. It's mad. And you can hear me laughing in the background. It is so great. I can't wait to see the video, you guys. And he's got this little scratch and he tries to open the door to a piece of molding wall. Right, right. Thank you. Bye. I can't wait to see that day. I've got to ask Spass something. If you could come back here to Exhibit A, the photographs on the NAW website, see right here and here. I see. Now, this is the plastic door molding that keeps doors from dinging you in the parking lot. A lot of the SUVs and vans have them now. See that? That can't be painted. But I want to know how if you hit the mirror, the door and this right in this area, how did the running board back here get damaged? That's almost impossible. Can you roll over a click? And over here, the part of the door, they didn't get that either. There's more damage over here. How did if it happened right here, how did it get damaged back here? I just felt the bump. I just cut the wheel the other way and it moved forward just a little bit more. So you felt the bump, you cut the wheel so it wouldn't hit where it had already just hit, and then you kept going forward and it hit further back? Oh my God. Hold on. Scott Plum was in the studio. He does all the fine internet stuff for us with the NAW website. You saw Spass leave the garage yesterday? Yeah, I saw Spass leave the garage yesterday. He was flying. And just almost slammed into the person in front of him when he realized that people were stopped in front of him. Whoa, this is dangerous. We ought to give them one of those driving tests like they gave Marsha Brady and Greg Brady. You know, with the cones and stuff. It's not a bad idea. You sound like a really bad driver. I'm a good driver. I drive every car all the time. Rain Man, you are a bad driver. How many days? I was driving. Old style. The gonzo style. The gonzo style. I drove with this idiot out to the Coliseum last month. NASA Coliseum from the WWF. I swear to God, we're on the expressway. As Scott says, even though people are slowing down in front of us, he will hit the gas and come up right up to their ass and then slam on the brakes. He's one of those guys. You're sitting there with your feet on the floor. And then changing lanes. Not only does he only do 50 miles an hour, but he changes lanes like he's going through the cones. Oh my God. And he's just like, he's looking back and all of a sudden the jerk motion happens. Spass, how bad is Eric's car dinged up? Not at all. You have no strength. It's not dinged up at all. And I drove a U-Haul truck, mind you. Probably another U-Haul out there with the top ripped back. All right, Adam, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. Look at him. He got the handle broken. He got the mirror, the gas. How can he get the gas broken? He wrecked everything. The whole side of this van is like scratched up. It had a brand new paint job. Look at the rest of that van. It's beautiful. I'm blowing up the pictures. Look what he did. You can see the lights from the garage shining in that black paint because it had just been painted. I think it all has to do with your commute, Spass. You're tired. It takes three and a half hours to get to work. Three and a half hours of commutes to get into work. Can you believe that? So who's going to pay for this damage? It's got to come out of Spass' pay. I believe he's now over the $50,000 in debt mark. Dave, what's going on? I'm a good driver. Dave's going to tell us how much damage it's going to cost. All right, Dave. What do you do for a living? Dave. Hey, Dave. Are you Dave or? Dave. I hear something in the background. You, man. You. Go. Huh? Yeah, you. Yes. You're like 12. Yeah, I know. All right. Come on. Let's go to Jim. Jim's a body shop guy. You work at a body shop? Yeah, I work at a body shop. I believe that a huge fan is driving these vans. We're slow right now. I can use the business. You know? Did you get to see the pictures? No, I haven't seen the pictures yet. I got to... We need a professional to check out the pictures and give us a call. Give us a little estimate. All right, I'll check them out and I'll give you an estimate. All right, thank you. All right. Have the bosses piped in yet over this crap? Not yet. They probably will when they see the pictures. Spass, why are you getting so pissed? Yeah, you're very defensive on this like it's nothing. The pictures make it worse than it really is. No, the pictures don't show really how bad it is. The pictures don't do this justice, I got to say. Don't you understand this is a very big... This is not a very big... Just paint it. That's a dent right there next to the door. It's dented. That was not... I didn't do that dent. Yes, you did. I just scraped the wall. But scraping, putting pressure on metal will dent it. That dent wasn't on the fan yesterday when I gave it to them. That's dented. Yeah, Mike works in the garage. He knows the shape of the fan. The mirror got it worse. Yeah, well the mirror got it worse. Yeah, sure. But the side dented and then look at the running board. How are you going to fix that? It's gouged. There is material removed from it. They're going to have to get a whole new piece for that. We could just cover it with a... No, man. It's our show. We want a nice looking van. And look, there's a piece of a sticker over there that they tried to cover up the running board. Big Kev, who was there? Big Kev, did you see the crash yesterday? Yes, I did. Kevin, Spaz is almost blaming this on you. I know. That's why I had to call in. Because I can't take the blame for this one. I'd like to back up a few paces if you wouldn't mind. When Spaz arrived, there were no parking spaces at the strip mall. And so what I said was, last week when Jeff Norris and I were doing the sticker stop, we put the truck right on the extra wide sidewalk in front of the store next to the sticker stop, which is unoccupied at this time. And then I said, now listen to me and follow what I'm saying and everything will be fine. Yeah, I know. Get to the fact. Well, here's a couple of facts that you might have missed. One, someone did not yell out, hit the gas. Someone yelled out, punch it, Chewie. Punch it, Chewie. And that's when Spaz perhaps, one might say, over-enthusiastically hit the gas, which launched the car into the truck, the van into the pillar. But the first hit, now we have to get Spaz off of the pillar. So I say to Spaz, put it in reverse. Spaz puts it in reverse and cuts the wheel the wrong way towards the pillar. And that's when perhaps a little other scraping damage might have occurred. Oh, yes, we've got to believe that. That's not a Hakespeed Rinse Driver. No, you're right. See? I feel like it happens every day. You go in between two pillars and three feet apart. Well, then you know something? If you are doing it and it doesn't happen every day, wouldn't you be so extra careful that nothing would happen? Or you wouldn't try it. You just say, you know what, I can't do that. I'm just parking it right here. What did it matter? You didn't need to be right in front of the place. The whole parking lot was, act with our listeners. I got to hear from a body shop guy because I swear this, the running board would have to be replaced to get this thing in the condition that it was before this happened. The running board has to be replaced. There's no way to remold a piece of the running board. It's like a plastic thing and there's a gouge taken out of it. The side view mirror would have to be replaced. Side view mirror replaced. That dent would have to be taken out and three panels would have to be painted. Right. It's got to be at least two grams. And you don't just paint the damaged area after you get the dent out. You have to paint an entire area around it to blend it in properly. What about the dent on the driver's side? That wasn't my fault. There's a dent there. How come nobody got in trouble about that one? Where's the dent on the driver's side? Nobody took a picture of that one. There's a dent on the driver's side. When did you do that, Bass? I didn't do that. That was there when I got it. You're going to have to take the blame for all the dents. Louis? Oh God, I can't believe this dumb douchebag. Spazzy Wonder, did you have your dark glasses on, Spazzy Wonder, when you were driving the vehicle? Did you have your fiendish high dog running in front of the vehicle telling you where to drive? What the hell's wrong with you? He was wearing dark glasses. Hey, Baber, is that a handicapped lady standing there? I know, we'll get her back up. Hey, Baber. Oh my God. What about the dent on the other side where I slammed my head after I realized I did? Oh my God, guys, you're killing me. This can't be real. There's nobody this funny in real life. Louis, the funny thing is we all had a huge meeting before we decided to let Spaz go to the Wow Sticker Stop. Huge meeting, like you think it'll be okay, you think you'll get there, you think you'll not get lost. And at what point did you smoke enough reefer's money? Yeah, that would be a good idea. Yeah, I swear. Like the guy who got people pissed on his head, yeah, let him drive the vehicle. It's just like the Brady Bunch episode where Greg was going to work for his father, taking the blueprints. Stevie Wonder could drive better than he does. And he screwed it up. Maybe you should have Stevie Wonder do the next sticker stop. Hey, Spaz. Look how you drive the vehicle, Spaz. Oh, Stevie, how do you do it? Remember, watch him. Oh my God. Let me make a point. What happened there has nothing to do with driving. I got there fine. I got there at 4.30 exactly, which is more than Earl can do. And second of all, nobody... Spaz, everyone gets to the point where they have the accident. Right. Everyone gets there. It's not like, whoa, thank God I didn't get to the accident. I got there, yeah. I got there. I got to the accident. Well, what happened was not a normal driving thing. People don't normally drive through two pillars every day. Yeah, I know. Only Spaz. I was following somebody's advice. Spaz, Spaz, pay attention, Spaz. Every night I park my car in a garage in my building. There is about a foot of space combined between both sides of my car, which means with the mirrors there's maybe three, four inches on each side. Spaz, I've been driving for 15 years. If you blindfolded me and stuck a pipe up my ass, I could tell you have to be a little better than you do. You dumb dickweed. Figure out how to park a vehicle, dickweed. If you thought my hair was all puffy, I would just drive it. God damn, Luce. Guys, you're killing me. You're killing me, man. It could be this funny. Hey, Spaz, maybe you should have put Spaz at the site of the explosion yesterday. His puffy hair could have absorbed the radiation. My hair was puffy, I couldn't drive. I'm sorry. Now I know why, by the way, now I know why that dickweed takes the train every day. Babists won't trust him with the train. Maybe that's why. Handicapped people three feet tall can drive and use a dickweed. All right, Luce. Oh, God. Thank you. Thank you. Shoot him now so he won't procreate and there won't be little Spazies running around. No, it sucks. Luce is hilarious, but Spaz refuses to put him through on the show. I know. Because he calls every day to abuse Spaz. And Spaz hangs up on him. The only time we get him on the air is when Spaz is in here and someone else is screening the call. Bob from Jersey, Anthony. Let me get this straight. You let the guy you call Spaz who believes in cancerous live wires, giant mosquitoes, as well as the famous Cancer World series, Conspiracy Theory, drive the van and you're surprised at what happened. Hey, ONA, just saw the damage to the van. I work for a dealership that has a body shop. Guess what? That running board alone, he looked it up, will cost you at least three grand to replace. What? It's a piece of plastic. Yeah, well, so? It's got to be sexually made. That running board runs the entire length between the wheels. And it's got, it's sectioned off like an end section, middle, front. And to replace it, three grand. That costs a lot of money, guys. Yeah. This guy, Anthony. Yes. You took pictures of the van at the sticker stock? Yes, I was there. I spoke to Kevin. I walked up and he saw my shirt on the damage appraiser for an insurance company. Oh, all right. So give us the estimate. Well, I'm faxing it to you right now as we speak. I wrote it all. Go get it. Okay, let me see. I'm putting it through right now. And yeah, he pulled me aside. He said, you're at appraiser? And I actually took a couple of pictures and hey, listen, that wow really works. I mean, until the cop showed up. Yeah. It was pretty cool. I'm sending it over right now. Do you have a fax machine there? Hold on the line. We'll take a break and we'll get your estimate on the radio now. Cool. Sounds good. Opie, one of the TWA flight 800 investigators checking in wants to know if Spass can come down with some red and white paint to fix the crash damage. Oh, brother. What's going to happen today? We're doing another wow sticker stop at Stroud's Discount Auto, 345 Cotter Street in the Bronx. Did Earl leave already? He's supposed to be there at 430. Did Earl leave? You would think he would be smart enough to leave already, right? Earl will be there at 430. Oh my God. Oh boy, Jeff Norris giving out the wow stickers in the Bronx. 345 Cotter Street. Wow, going to the Bronx. Stroud's Discount Auto. All right, Ed, want to take a quick break? Yeah, then we'll get the estimate and see what could be a list. And we'll move on. See you then. Hi, this is Louis Black from The Daily Show. And you're listening to two of the most psychotic human beings I've ever met, my pals Opie and Anthony on 102.7 WNEW. Anthony Stacker II, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah, it works. Our listeners have proven it works. And if you need to lose some weight, Stacker II, the world's strongest fat burner. Tell thousands of people lose weight, build lean muscle and get into shape. You feel its effects just 45 minutes after taking it or your money back. You want to lose weight and still eat what you want. No more midday craving. Stacker II takes care of all that. It's great. What more can we tell you? You know, you got a big fat ass and want to lose it before you really got to... It's pretty warm today, isn't it? Yes, finally. I mean, finally. Yeah. June 1st. I was walking around outside the building today. Yeah. Good God. Yeah. Oh, my God. Nice. You ladies, man, killing me. Yeah. Just everywhere you look. Well, and there's some women that can't do that. I must say, I don't see many fatties around the station. Maybe Stacker II. I don't see any fatties. I don't see any flat so's. No spandex? No. None of the spandex pants where they have the dual butt. No. If you have the butt within a butt, like a conjoined twin butt growing out of you. Like you get this spandex pants and there's a big fat ass right where ground zero of the ass would be. There's another small mini butt. Mini butt. It looks like it's growing right out of the butt. Let's not forget back boobs. Back boobs. You got the back boobs working. Those are the big fat girls that wear the halter tops and stuff. You just see back boobs. Hanging out. And so the wise ass that works at Hooters, some chick. No, I will not be applying her job at Hooters. Thank you very much. Making fun of the man boobs that you can see in the raw magazine. I saw that issue in Raw Magazine finally last night with our pictures in there. Boy, you were going to grave disservice with the lighting or something. Really look at that. I'll take my legs. I don't know what the hell is going on there. People abuse me bad. A girl that works at Hooters, she wants to send me an application. Check this. Anyway, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yes, right. It works. Give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Go on the web, www.stacker2.com. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. Powered by. Insert new show here. Powered by. Powered by. Insert new show here. Powered by. By Infinity Broadcast Station. She is. She is. 1027. WNEW. News from New York. All right. That's not funny. Hey, what? You didn't hear that? Oh, yeah, yeah, that one. Wait, I've got to hear this again. I thought NNEW was powered by Opie and Anthony, actually. Listen to what they put together. Powered by. Insert new show here. Powered by. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. By. very damaged get damaged by spaz uh... and he tried to circumnavigate uh... the parking lot of a sticker stop yesterday huge parking lot one pole spaz found the pole yeah hit a big cement pillar it just scraped the hell out of it and dented it uh... ruined the running board and then he backs up and does more damage more damage trying to get away from the pole well this uh... guy you know if they have a back in line and uh... anthony's uh... faxed in an estimate and they would do for a living again on the damage appraiser for an insurance company and he just happened to be a plastic stop because of pictures and you are estimating damage right well i heard about it and i thought i got to see that uh... i read up and uh... they pulled actually they pulled me into this all my shirt and said damage appraiser on it so i kinda got right up to the front got my stickers made so what do you think and uh... spaz was putting stickers over it so i'm lucky enough to get pictures before he did that off but did you get my estimate yeah now and the bottom it says uh... and in replacement running board uh... yet at the two-piece running board um... there's a small section in the front and in the longer section goes across the whole length of the vehicle that's why it's uh... it's only a hundred and uh... was fifty two dollars so i'll keep running board but you are right they can't be repaired after the replace okay so the uh... the total damage done to the man net total one thousand fifty seven dollars and fifty seven cents and they got spaz and you think you need to get some k and and everything will be okay forty bucks you're gonna pay yourself and punishment as you can't just keep getting out of a ticket fans uh... what let's ask him how do you pay a car just that all the way there the whole procedure to painting the van yeah that you repair properly or else it'll just it'll look terrible yeah how do you do how do you do how do you do it give me the entire deal was not to finish it we see because you have to let us uh... you know while we don't think so we would do is you put a piece of a tape to write so you have your line so you don't take over the uh... yes he had by we are not the first thing you would do we have laid out the no i'm talking about you you you walk up to the band yet what do you have with you i have my paintbrush rosh copy of paintbrush okay you have a paintbrush and what else okay okay and where where you getting the paint uh... probably like uh... local hardware store a local hardware store okay uh... and and you have about the paint the paint brush and what else and roll thing a roll of tape now what do you know what's the first thing you do i lay down the tapes of anything or wind up to lay down the tape to to to what the decision making reply to make sure that this is a straight line so huckleberry spats a straight line for what the street and so it's like you know how like you you make a block letters so i i don't go over the letters you know just leave you know what way i'm screw all that but i can't get past the you are simply you just came with a paintbrush a paint can't be that stupid it's a guy do you think that's what they do with the the the body shops you know i think that i think that i have another five hundred to undo everything he's gonna do we love it when they've been people try to fix them themselves yet these past eight uh... man who don't pay cars with a paintbrush with a paintbrush that's all the first thing you do is start taping over what the dirt and are the abrasive that is still on the den after you do not like a tape over how are you going to get down before you paid with the paintbrush what if there is a very good to take a little hammer and bang on the other side on the other side of that spagg but if you close body shop and i and those people that are like this can't be real trust me this is where it's not it's as well as it gets five hundred people saw for themselves yesterday home i got uh... leonardo davinci checking and i i i i was i was still alive to get some painting by the first that spazzy gonna be like alright it's it's our band we can do whatever we want with it let's get a little lizard crimson right here we're gonna put a happy little tree over this big dance there we go maybe a little waterfall all right so anthony you're saying uh... thousand fifty six bucks to get the van back and that at least and then you have to send it out to be re uh... striped and lettered with all your logos on it that i i don't know how much that's gonna cost so you probably had another two to three hundred on that once you uh... sublet out the striping so recommend expect maybe a crayons because it about the cray all of the black crayon uh... and uh... at least i'll never wreck the van and i don't or else they're gonna get the last two separate is he driving the beat up there and so i don't get to see the man there but you can see the famous they did not say it is on the internet all cracked up strout discount auto at four thirty three forty five connolly street in the bronx uh... can i last in the city with jeff norris gorilla boy and they are going to let you go for now okay thank you it feels good to contribute well thank you application will be banked at it the fact that thanks guys if that's what it takes i think we're gonna be uh... all one station show and later on the right home so you get a paintbrush and you you start slopping paint on you know of course the state in the world uh... well staying in the line of the yes of course with black paint that you just pick up a hard with the do you know how many different types of black there are for cars when and why don't match up and and you know something you're not going to find an automotive black painted a hard with the and it cannot be applied with a paintbrush and it has to be was breaking on a spray gun you're you're onto something there terry what's up they are going to write uh... i'd look at the picture on the on the net i made it would be a big take a look at the other section on the into will there because well the skin there that's all the way into the where well you're looking at a lot more damage in that uh... yeah take a look at it and that you may have played a little bit below that section up that all area there are buckled into it so i know underpiece that they were played by a skin you can see kind of where the door uh... meets the front-end iraq in their own and keep it i don't know which is on your couch now everyone's event uh... it is truly truly amazing back from jersey can't paint like a good right uh... mac from jersey can't pay twenty five dollars will take five dollars paintbrush three dollars listed as explained priceless uh... the next time you look at the drive and make sure to install a second break in the passenger side like a driver's ed vehicle and slap a big yellow student driver sign in the back you're so stupid uh... one what what what when we get spats again can't paint and try to fix the damage and they are not would be really funny what do you think when we are from the bosses will be a will pick up us about this and really like no i am so amazed that you think you can just take it with a paintbrush and then that would be the first thing you do you wouldn't clean the area off what is it did not look at it somewhat is that a clean when you paint something that has to be totally spotless clean you go over with it uh... like us certain type of alcohol to getting road crime and all your law for that for us to paint just chips away mike what's going on they were quite a bit i'm a cop out here in the island spats has ten days to report this accident with a motor vehicle is that true yeah if the damage is over a thousand bucks you gotta do that haha your insurance is going up pal my insurance car insurance? yeah i don't have car insurance you're an idiot you don't have car insurance? i'm not an insurance i just have a driver's license i don't have a car i use my girlfriends well you gotta be insured to drive that vehicle just because she's insured and you're driving her car doesn't mean you're caught under his insurance no it's going to be under the station's insurance yeah the station's insurance will go out when he drives baby's car it's under her insurance so if he screws up her insurance goes up but under the highway with her car question alright anthony, dave the blind guy that caught the eggs from uh... iberia's you know what oh yeah about a year ago dave the blind guy how are you how's it going hent? now i mean you're about what seventy to eighty percent blind? i'm like uh... three times passed legally blind three times passed legally blind and i was riding a dirt bike this weekend did you hit anything? on a dirt road two fifty enduro didn't hit anything and what do you what do you suggest here dave the blind guy? do you remember the brady bunch where greg and larsha had that parking lot challenge? something like that in an empty parking lot with cones give me one of my friends that can uh... co-navigate me telling me when to turn and where to turn i'll beat spaz in a driving test we gotta do this spaz against a blind guy we have to do this when can we do this? someone has to donate a parking lot yeah we need a big empty parking lot yeah a parking lot a beat up car some cones and a couple eggs and spaz will go head to head in a driving obstacle course with a blind man yeah i'll beat him i'm telling you all right uh... rick's gonna talk to you all right cool we've had dave up here before he is totally blind totally blind yeah he's got those weird eyes and stuff you know something? i put my money on dave i swear to you i will bet on dave all right we gotta make this happen we'll set that up we just need a parking lot some cones we'll get some guys out there to report yeah and we'll uh... we'll have this little driving test with spaz and dave the blind guy now uh... jeremy's in the studio jeremy have you seen any of the uh... damage? i've not yet seen all of the evidence perhaps you can take a look at uh... some of the pictures uh... but first we get a little overview of the van look at that beautiful van here here uh... here the the mirror back here there's some more damage here uh... and he seems to think it's nothing and he's gonna go to the hardware store get some black paint and a brush and and just paint it up yeah how about a sharpie? or some black tape just sort of put it right over there we have an estimate that just came in uh... from a guy that was on the scene uh... the damage this is real one thousand fifty seven dollars worth of damage the brand new painted wild wild so uh... we're just wondering what's the protocol? how does this get taken care of? do you fire them or do it? who pays to get it done? because we can't have a piece of crap looking van normally i suppose whoever did something like that would put it on their credit card ah well yeah unfortunately that's just about one thousand fifty three dollars more than he has on the card how much credit you got on your card left? four dollars thirty six cents that'll cover the paint brush four dollars thirty six cents how much was your credit line? five thousand five hundred what do you have to show for it? boots that you can't walk in my new home your new home it's not a home you're renting you're renting so what do you have to show for it? nothing rent you paid rent with your credit card? all thirty six hundred the first the security and you know you're paying nineteen percent interest on your rent and that was the cash you were supposed to pay for it? yeah all of it and you're talking probably close to twenty four percent interest you will be paying off your first and last month's security by the time you pay that off you could have lived in trump's house the same Regis with the butler ironing your heavy metal shirt uh... uh... rick line one mike has a car that we can use for the competition with blind dave and spaz a brady bunch driving test that we're going to do very very soon so if blind dave wins should he get spaz's job? yeah we got him to drive the van we just need to get some braille for the phone system he'll be alright unbelievable spaz uh... jumbo what's up how you doing fellas? great listen why don't you save yourself some time and have all your future sticker stops at the body shop that's a good idea they can just repair the damage as it happens yeah you kill two birds with one stone you know syndication never y'all ah y'all let's go to brian brian you're next on n-e-w i can't believe this idiot he sounds like the carly in fast times of rich mount high i could fix it uh... i don't know if he can hit it the pole with eons away which way did he go george? yes he is someone said we should paint little numbers on the van first before spaz paints it that'll be more his speed alright brian oh later just in case you're wondering we will be doing spaz's weekend review tomorrow too people want to know if the invisible man was injured in the crash no he was fine little whiplash aunt tom from farmingdale? too bad spaz wasn't there when jfk was shot he could have put the president's head back together with makeup freaking pole he's gonna fix it with a paint brush alright enough on that we're gonna make a little lake right about here very good spaz good job someone is suggesting whiteout haha well that's pretty funny someone doing a cartoon has died for a thirty nine ninety five will paint any car hey wendy wendy something tells us that's not a real man you can hear me? cool i just had to say that definitely definitely good driver definitely definitely good driver maybe i'll wow him again i did my very first wow yesterday yes yesterday it was crazy because i saw the sticker and i had to follow the guy because he was pissed off well what happened? there was traffic there i think there was a lot of traffic no one remembers when i put the stickers on they forget so like i'm driving up and i'm hocking at him right and he thinks i'm hocking at him because i want him to go and i'm hocking at him to get his attention and like i'm ripping my shirt off and stuff it was crazy i'm like please i'm like try not to rip my shirt off people were looking at me like this old lady next to me like and you didn't crash anything right? you were ripping off your clothes and driving at the same time and you were driving them spaz yeah exactly so did the guy like the wow? i think so you think so? i think so i had to like we're out of the way so i didn't like you know the grandma's and the next thing he was like looking out she was like what? she's looking at me like i was like very exciting i know well thank you wendy for helping us out with wow sure all right cool cool dude wow is happening just get the wow on your car russell from smith down checking in i was on the road yesterday so i had my mother turn to channel 4 to report to me what was going on needless to say she hung up on me slapped me in the face when i got home and thinks i was behind the whole thing you guys suck yeah the a-bomb was uh... i was a little rough yesterday ouch all right we gotta take a break enough on spaz and his crash we'll keep you posted as to how the damage gets fixed and if spaz and a little paintbrush uh... fixes it tomorrow we all look forward to spaz as we can review very popular segment on the ona show and if you want to see the wow band for yourself i believe are all going to be at the stress discount auto eventually today with the damage with the damage that vehicle three forty five car street in the bros give away the brand new well stickers with gorilla boy uh... jeff norris who's been helping out the show a lot lately we appreciate that okay uh... the captain of uh... the titanic calling up once now spaz has a patch kit uh... and let's regroup let's give out some uh... wrestling tickets winner receives a pair of tickets to see the w w f june twenty fourth at the garden will take a test caller two one two seven five seven one oh two seven the opi and anthony show it looks very very glamorous you know why one oh two seven because it is f***ing glamorous all right w m e w anthony's sobe beverages the later in healthy refreshment yeah this is what we're drinking around here these days tell you that we're gonna need more soon they brought in a whole talent of uh... so be better to do we're going to look like crazy and we walked in the first like what the hell is this you know crack open and start drinking them man they give you that uh... you know that will live dot dot back it's a it's good i i i like the stuff but i don't have a bottle unlike freaking out i feel uh... and are jobs well it depends which one you're out you're drinking it with the energy one let me say so be beverages more good more gooder more gooder Thursday flavor flavor so be lean so be lean so be newest entry into the diet category with three exciting flavors lean is an advanced weight management system beverage that combines the benefits of reduced calories with a fat burning power of three metabolic enhancers opi citrimax and appetizer present that inhibits fat creation chrome mate role may chroma may chrome may from a man patented form of chromium chromium to to that acts like uh... that acts of metabolized fat and car night team quantity carnage one minute drink which that's going to use the bank of an but i don't and carna time i guess you know uh... and kind of time and i mean i have to that help the body to do the energy you don't have to know how to pronounce this stuff it's just uh... it works it's good for you and it tastes great that's all i need to know i don't need to know exactly what's in the hell it does with my can cox and i'll rule the world get me some car night in chrome mate i needed and uh... part of fun so be lizard under the cap sayings check out so these website w w w dot so be bad dot com for more info about so be and all the different flavors i'll be on the lookout for the so be lizard love bus it's bad guy and that one spreading the so be experienced all over the market and uh... of course grab a so be and drain the lizard anthony so be beverages the leader in healthy refreshments and what about mar Laconia 2127571027 All right, I got a problem I got the latest problem What's the matter now getting ready to go into a hilarious hopefully Gary glitter bit Why is gorilla boy here in the station when he's supposed to be a sticker stopper 430? Should we ever get this right? I know this just can't be real ice girl boy walk in the hallway get him in here We have hundreds of people waiting at this last sticker stop hey Jeff get over there Aren't you supposed to be a sticker stop with Earl? I'm white. I don't know the Bronx. I'm taking a train in oh really The boat is the boat is pulling right now Earl's on his way ready. Oh, okay Earl if you're listening I'll meet you there. All right, I'm taking I got scared. I thought no one was there No, no, we've been advertising 430 strikes I'll meet you there. All right, I'm taking I got scared. I thought no one was there No, no, we've been advertising 430 struts just count auto. It's like 345 connoisseur in the bronx. Yeah I went on mapquest.com and I understand that there is no concrete pillar yet to stare Good. So, all right, man, we'll we'll uh, we'll check you with you when you get out there right now. All right, good I almost had a heart attack. All right back to the uh, gary glitter Hey Gary glitter ended again. It seems open. Well, you want to get the history of gary glitter anthony Okay, well, he's the one hit wonder first of all, do you remember this song? Played at all the sporting events and whatnot This is gary glitter Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Yeah, well gary, uh The dog being famous for this little stone is also famous for uh being a pedophile Yeah Like that, I like like that small children. Yeah And uh england his home his home country of england open almost like that he uh He got a problem with his computer one day very innocent, right? So what do you do? You take it to the uh, Computer repair store. Yeah, yeah you do And uh, they plugged it in Lo and behold found a bunch of kitty porn on his hard drive out So he was arrested and uh actually spent some time in jail For a possession of child porn In january, I was only in for two months for possessing 4 000 child porn pictures All right guys, we'll get to you 4 000 kitty porn pictures on his computer Uh two months in prison Now it seems he calls himself larry brilliante Gary glitter larry brilliante or something like that very good very clever. Yeah saying that he uh He's a pop star in england And he's trying to entice a six-year-old girl and her family onto his yacht The uh bald pedophile the friend of the family of the girl called suzy After telling her spanish dad he was uh famous in britain Brilliante is spanish for glitter Hey, that can't be for real. Yeah, suzy, uh suzy's family Hey last night cyberlase after rejecting glitter's offer to help through his uh 45 000 pound boat the boy is here The boy again the girl's british friend eileen said Letter 55 is real name paul gand forced his friendship on port worker Uh called uh, manula shortly after sailing into soto grande And uh manuel's wife dev Uh was with him and uh the couple lived next to the marina with their daughter suzy He told manuel he was uh, so famous photographers would be hunting him and asked him to keep a lookout Then he told manuel he needed a crew and said that he could bring his wife and daughter on board welcome aboard He drops lotion on his skin and does this whenever it's told So Some of the other british sailors warned uh the guy Said that he'd been in prison for keeping kiddie porn. I guess that kind of chased him away Wow so, uh trying to entice A family with a six-year-old daughter on board the crew hit ship the voyager to set down Wow God damn that's disgusting shouldn't the guy just be shot after that. That's just a twisted story. That really is why is he out? Come on kids come on kids. We're gonna fly don't you though? Hey Hey Hey Hey That's all you're known for this song and all of a sudden you're known for being like a Pedophile a bald pedophile hit. Yeah, they call them the bald pedophile. Hi Uh garag larry brilliante larry brilliante. I'm i will now officially change my name. Hope you do larry brilliante It's the larry brilliante and opi shop How you doing larry brilliante with you? Oh, fine. I guess we gotta play it. All right We got we have a song for garry glitter Each time I see a little girl Eight or nine or ten I can't resist the urge to stick my tongue inside of them and because i'm horny For little girls For little girls Hey For little girls I get them up on alcohol and pot That little butt so round so tight and shiny It makes you want to smash your junk inside her Oh Virgil Virgil I'm horny for little girls I bite them and I make them lick my Their little nips so helpless and appealing I want to slice them up and mount them on the ceiling For little girls I'm horny for them all no matter well no matter who Without them my old Would be blue I'm horny I'm so horny I'm horny for little Girls Okay, brother my lovely little girl I have some candy for you, okay brother virgil Oh, that's more than crazy that's really mad that's uh, we can't confirm that that's larry Briliante's latest hit larry brilliante. Hi larry brilliante. How you doing? On the larry brilliante show Oh, man Well, that's sick Uh, obviously we don't think and don't uh anything like that Uh, well you see that piece of ass anaconda cove. I was gonna say dr Dr smith is checking in here anthony speaking of child porn. Did you see anaconda cova in sports illustrated? I did see the shots a little weird. Do we have that? Don't get it No, they have a an action photo of her when she was 12 and her panties are peeking out. Oh dear Oh my god, come on Really? Yeah, someone go get the sports illustrated they're getting it The pictures of her in the latest sports illustrated are phenomenal. Uh mike what's going on? I'm sorry about that. Hey mike better than any swimsuit issue Oh, yeah, things insane page 104 Yeah, and 110 this girl is banging now. You uh, I saw the pictures the one in the front of the uh, The article where she's got the long leg hanging out. She makes me want to be a russian hockey player Yeah, she seems to go for the hockey players. They're saying she was attacked yesterday, too. Is that true? Sorry, sorry. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. You can't say that. Not my bad. It's he's the emotion All right here aunt check out anaconda cova. You just see the yeah. Look she's well Yeah They didn't even do that shot. I'm sorry. Thank you. My guys. Hey guys little pink panties hanging out Yeah, yeah indication when spats admit these uh parents are related. All right. Thank you later and then there's the uh picture of the recent picture of our Some shape isn't it? Well, the latest on her anthony fanatic, uh attacks anna sexy anna cornicova was terrified by a crazed fan Who rushed her after a tennis victory yesterday? Psycho mark made it into workday, right? The russian smasher was horrified when supporters stampeded onto her court at the roland garrow stadium in paris in a desperate bid To snatch her autograph one man Yeah snatched her autograph one man who held an i love you anna banner throughout her match with canada's bubble block crashed through advertising Uh hoardings in his bid to get close to the 24 year old bombshell. She's not 24. No, she's like 19 24, uh panicked uh steward struggled to hold back the fans while anna made a quick escape Look at this picture. Does my hair look puffy? Wow, that guy looks just like spaz spaz dating anna cornicova puffy hair. That's hilarious That's pretty good. Someone will We'll make something of that soon and send it to us Yeah, wow attack Uh ryan what's going on? What's up guys? You got a snatch of what? Cornicova 2000 And on the directory on the side of it. It has upstart shots of her. Yeah, we've seen it all I've seen thousands of pictures of her and then never wanted to write a quarter Yeah, I think I spent an entire weekend just trolling through anna cornicova picture. How great is that shot? I'm unreal I like the one i'm sure everyone has uh gotten a sense of them By now someone used some photoshop and it's an it's a topless picture of her but it looks really really good Yeah, it's not no, this is not your fever. It's worth a thing I swear to god more there. It's in the top right corner. I will see it's one shot. She's got a blue Top blue thing on spending over and you can see her Just hanging out all right, i'm gonna check that out right now. All right over now precious. Thank you Let's go to rick rick you're next on na w o and a hey regarding anna cornicova You know that uh, surrogate federal guy. Yeah, this guy is that's what makes six million Are you thinking about what kind of food tanks you must have this guy can have any broad? He started dating her when she was 14 and keeps going back for it. Yeah, she must have some kind of snap set down there Think about it the guy makes six million a year. He broke up with her. He went to another russian guy. Pavel boris Yeah, now he's now he's back with her. Yeah, well, I'd like to know what's in there. What's in there? I think we all would like to know thanks rick Shots good, uh rich from america as sick as that is about the gary glitter and kitty porn the man who invented lara craff Uh croft was arrested in europe for trying to arrange to have sex with a nine-year-old Yeah, that is true that's pretty twisted see abn.com on that Let's go to jeff hey jeff you're next on na w Hello. Hey, what's up? Jeff? Yeah. Hey, listen, I was just calling these guys on a mix show. Yeah, they're telling that they're uh Their show really is kind of boring and they're not like you guys I'm gonna go watch myself. I should have been bothered to listen to you. I think guys guys in the building I Don't think any uh radio personality appreciates when someone calls his sister. Yeah, what are you doing? No, but they're doing dude. All right, they're boring but then they you know, like I said you guys And they said I shouldn't waste my time listening to your show and they should go off myself and they should go off themselves They do they were talking down to you. They were dumping on you That means I think if you call up and say you suck, but they suck They suck big time That's funny I don't Carely defend you because you know that you know, we don't like when people say we suck Yeah, yeah, but dude, I told them that they're following you they're in your wake They're squirming on your on your following and they suck And the guy is like well f you what's this? What are you expecting to do man? I didn't expect him to say f you the guy don't even know me man. What do you expect him to invite you? Listen I look like him a snack in the damn head Get this guy being who's this little faggot? Does he wear dresses? Oh, red jeff you're pretty funny. You know this guy Uh bill no, no, we don't we haven't met many of the guys from that man These two fat idiots come up from down south thinking who the hell they are bring like his back. He was funnier than these bastards Oh, please All right, jeff Take care, dude. Thank you. How are you? He's surprised that he got such a reception after saying you suck Uh Rick you got that snatch picture up here Where's the one he's talking about that one top corner on the right you can see a little uh Yeah, no more. Yeah back for camel toe Yeah, you can yeah, yeah, yeah, you can see yeah. Yes. Yeah. Wow great. Do you believe that would be the uh, Okay, terrific. Oh, yeah Yeah Yes, indeed All right, we gotta take a break anthony. Yeah Why don't we give away some red hot chili pepper tickets? Have i've seen every anaconda kovac pick up and never get boring The whole Women's uh tennis league is up in arms too. They're just so pissed off that she's out there Strutting her stuff and she's not even trying to she's trying to make a name for herself in tennis All right, uh, we have some red hot chili peppers, uh tickets They're playing with the pooh fighters july 4th at the pnc art center. The show is sold out, but we do have your tickets Uh 10th color gets a pair two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven Hey ass turn down your radio Oh Anthony rockaway bedding Yeah, I got my bed there. Of course. Everyone knows that I was gonna say I think we all know that by now Yeah, I think we gotta get give other people beds. Uh, well spaz has gotten one spaz and erika Now sleep in a rockaway bedding bed spaz. Do you like your rockaway bedding? I don't know. I never get to sleep in it between the commutes. Do you like it? Barry what? What? Wait, wait, very what? Comfortable comfort very comfortable. No, he said comfortable very comfortable comfortable Comfortable. All right It's very comfortable It feels good to sleep in All right, does it help you with your poofy hair in the morning Now, okay, you got the rockaway bedding it's a very thick nice mattress that you got delivered there No problems. It was wonderful and now you can grow up erika In your rockaway bedding bed. How's the banging on the rockaway bedding bed? How is it? It's very squeaky squeaky you have squeaky sex That explains a lot every time I see erika she's like she has crutches and swings that was the bad thing How is the rockaway bedding bed helping her leg? It's a very comfortable very comfortable very comfortable Very good rockaway bedding. Uh boy what a testimonial that was 140 stores throughout new york and new jersey brandy Maccas's uh, ceilings contrapete hyposopetal Certificate of permanent leave and they're all coming to be Simmons beauty rest the price is up to 65 below department store prices Uh, it's great. They deliver your bed. They take away your old bedding They set up everything you need for a great night's sleep you get headboards metal beds boutons daybed electric beds. That's scary Uh, everything you need to sleep a rockaway bed. So you should try to you know Give yourself a you know what? The electric beds electric bed. Yeah, raise the leg raise the head come on It's so close one more time. Come on What if my spine will break get the electric bed and try to uh Be your your own best friend Rockaway bedding Uh, yeah rockaway bedding the fastest growing chain of mattress stores in new york and new jersey For a bunch of reasons best prices friendly service and the give yourself a hummer electric bed Shop at one of their uh stores many stores throughout the area give them a call 1-800 Try a bed 1-800 try a bed if uh jay moore who you know probably tried to give himself one of the electric Down he found out he couldn't he invited marco over Uh, I myself sleep in a rockaway bedding mattress and uh, of course now spaz and erika Yeah, if they can all do it, we can all do it. So should you rockaway bedding give them a call 1-800 try a bed And if rockaway bedding is uh listening right now. Yeah, we'll uh, we'll do better next time We'll give you a special read next time. Yeah, very easy phone number 1-800 try a bed I'll be uh by far the most effed up individual on the ona show I'm pulling out my junk. Hey kids. This is called black comedy What do you think your life is in the crap? Uh, yeah, this is all one day this is worse It's gonna be here today two one two seven five seven one oh two seven That was definitely in question after we left the yesterday show anthony. Yeah A lot of people are talking about the the atom bomb today anthony. Yeah Yeah, most people saying most people saying it was the most outrageous thing they've ever seen on live tv Well, yeah, i've never uh, I can say i've never come come across that on live television before Or and the clip is all over the internet. It's on ebay people trying to sell it What can we say about the atom bomb? Yeah A lot of people want us to talk about a little bit here today Try the anaconda cova picture up there. It's a little distracting. Wow This one you thought you saw all the anaconda cova pictures Yeah And that's like a vice Uh She wants us to love her. Yeah, I have to track her down on the court and rush her And try to snatch her autograph. Do you realize how close we were to have an anaconda cova live in the studio too? And then we had to open our damn big mouths because I said what did I say? I wrecked that one Yeah, we had we had the uh interview all lined up She was coming on this very program she was coming on and there was like a day away and rick goes off bad news I'm like what? Open your mouth. She canceled. Well, all I said was that when she comes in i'm gonna pull out my junk and run after You guys scared, huh? Yeah, isn't that weird? You can say a crowd's desperate bid to snatch her autograph But you can't say uh the desperate bid to autograph her snatch Yeah Ricky wants me to play this clip, but I don't even think they allowed us on the air. That's the only problem this one Yeah, sure I don't think they're allowing that on the air it's just the sound Anyway, the atom bomb finally took place yesterday something we've been talking about for many months. Yeah Uh, we've been getting the wow signs on live tv for what about six months now? Yeah To the point where now every newscast has their reporters up on the news trucks. They're very frightened They're very frightened. They're in a pure defensive mode. Did you see the 11 o'clock news? Uh last night every station They were on they might as well have not gone out on the streets out last night Yeah, they're on top of the vans with these tight shots tight shot where you only see the reporters face No background none whatsoever and they're about two stories up like cherry pickers So on live tv yesterday right about no, uh, what about six o'clock yesterday six oh five. Yeah the atom bomb Made it to tv. Yeah I don't know how there's still so many people that don't know what the hell it was. It gave enough hints like everyone's going What's the atom bomb? What's the atom bomb? There's another sign we could say that much. Yeah, it was a sign All right, and just think of the worst word in the history of the english language The one that if you call your girlfriend it it's over It's over And even better when you call like her mother it There's just no recovery from that it's it's when you're when you're in an argument with your uh, your lady and then you break that out Yeah, you might as well start packing your bags There's no returning after that's like the under the breath one, but that stops every argument call You try to have some and the relationship at the same time, but there's no more yelling after that There's nothing funnier than looking at her face right when you say it, you know Hey, you we the mouth opens up their eyes pop out of their head It's just the funniest thing and we we try to like have balls and stuff and But but we don't we kind of say, you know But then you know something you say it louder and louder I think she might have heard that one What Why what did you just say? Uh, what? Then you get all tough. What do you think I said? Yeah Did you just call me? Yeah, yeah I did and are you having a marriage flashback? Yeah god damn God all the all my bomber planes have been decommissioned for a while They're collecting dust, you know, not a break out that that's a long time You know, we really got to take the anaconda cova pictures off all the computer screens in the studio Wow, look at that one. We are really distracted. We're trying to do a anaconda creative radio show today Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's a good one the one of our bending over. Yeah. Yeah hit that one real fast Anyway, so the atom bomb was unveiled on live tv yesterday Yeah, and now it's literally the talk of new york city today Well, there's a lot of stations wondering how they can defend against such a thing now I don't know you're gonna notice that reporters are going to be reporting very differently in the coming weeks And months just seems like yesterday. Okay, they were debating over whether the weather to ever have the word bitch on tv And then you know, remember all the black my pd blue got for wanting to show some ass Stuff like that. I remember the controversy with lennie bruce and steve allen at the end Yeah, lennie bruce wanted to use the word snot on tv snot couldn't use it come a long way jack par Saying uh water closet on the air. Oh my god water closet That whole thing every time a lesbian kiss wants to be on tv. It's this huge thing Well, we we said screw all this let's go right for the a-bomb right for the jugular It'll make every I think we help television It'll make anything else pale by comparison. Yes What what another shot of zippowitz is badass? Who cares at this point? I think we're just trying to help uh our own tv station Channel two. Yes at this point. We encourage the listeners to leave channel two alone, right anthony? Yeah, of course. No, it's gonna be funny all the other news stations are gonna have the tight shot from the top of the vans Yeah, the channel two news will have the report right on the sidewalk knowing, you know, our listeners will leave them alone now. Yeah cbs Can just do their live shots from the street wide shot wide panoramic shots, right? We won't touch that. No leave them alone and we truly we're saying leave them alone. Yeah To the other station for the tight shot. They're like doing the remotes from inside boxes Let's go to michelle michelle what's going on nothing what's up? How are you i'm doing good good So it's already talking about the cus tuesday work Oh, oh, did you see it yesterday? I watched it in just Let's just say it was truly must-see tv I I was rushing and doing my 75 miles an hour on my own Just to see it and i'm freaking just missed it. Just go on the internet. It is everywhere. Yeah Uh at this point we've told steve knopper on the unofficial website Yeah, because uh, well We're we're still trying to figure out what the hell's gonna happen. We don't need any evidence No, we don't need the evidence. Oh my goodness from our own people But yes, that that was pretty much it michelle yesterday. Okay You guys have a nice day. Thank you. Thank you. Bye Thank you. We have five people online saying they helped you yesterday chris. What's going on? Are you doing guys? Yeah, i'm calling here from the medevac my hair's falling off from all the radiation. Yeah Yeah, man I couldn't help it man yesterday had to be the day when I dropped the bomb Chris you were the one that brought the sign down there. I was the one man The couch guy has struck again because a lot of people think that we brought the sign down there now No, no, that was something I brought from work, you know, I heard the station was down there and said you know what? These guys have been taking too damn long. So i'm gonna bring down the bomb Guess what this monday it could be the nuclear bomb Yeah, you'll you'll find out when they show up at the station you'll see what i'm talking about like we don't know what you're talking about It would be advised that you don't show up at the station at this point. Yes. Oh, why is that bad, huh? a little bit of fallout a little bit All right. All right guys. Thank you. Thank you chris later. Let's go to len len. What's going on? Hey, len. Yeah, what's up? You're on the air. Let's go. Oh, yeah. Hey, i'm sorry. I just walked out of work. Uh, i'm right out of the grand central heaven yesterday Um, I helped drop the a bomb. I was one of the guys holding the wow banner Oh, we saw a part of that on tv yesterday, but i'm sorry got cut off But then someone had the great idea of putting uh, it's like a mark on the shoulders Anyway, let me let you guys um, sorry He sounds very confused. Uh, let me not ruin it. Bye. Bye. This phone's crapping up. Look at this Wrong guy and instant feedback cut the s you fags. Just say it What the f was the a bomb? Well, we can't say the word on the radio. Are you a retard? You can't figure it out for yourself Wrong. Are you are you a retard that you can't how we said it was a sign We said it's the worst word you can possibly uh think of in the english language when you call your chicken and That word in a fight. It's over like she just explodes See it must see tv see you next the girl said is it to see you next tuesday idiot How much clearer does it have to be? Let's paint it on your forehead for you What are these words have in common a country Contribute Uh joe, what's up? Yeah, I just checked the ratings for yesterday's, uh news California's highest rated in new york history 30.5 or something get out of here Oh only if It's the a bomb show coming on. They got a big four letter word to lay on you All right, wait joe, yes you could You're you're really a tester You had the ratings for yesterday I wish I did really no i'm just saying it might happen All right joe, thank you That would be interesting to see what type of ratings they got because we we promoted it for like 40 minutes before it happens. Yeah Maybe we shouldn't do that Evan what's going on? What's happening? We're truly promoting, uh the live boobs thing We were screaming saying the first girl to put her boobs on tv gets cold hard gas. Yeah, evan what's going on? We haven't lost the a bomb to make it on tv Uh, you tell us evan. Hey, uh the word is I know what it is But it's can't understand normal thinking is the definition. Thank you evan Very good. Thank you. All right you guys Re-all right, and we gotta take a break So we were supposed to play this the other day the freezer prank call from zimena world Oh, yeah, and then we got into something else. So, uh, here you go. We'll be back Hello Hi, i'm calling about the freezer you got for sale. Yeah, can you tell me a little bit about it? Okay Crock-and-type in other words it opens up on the top Jim i'm on the extension Could you fit a full body in it? Uh, let's see i am five five Okay, so it comes up to my weight. It's as high as my weight. So figure that one out Okay, and how long is it? Can you like get your whole body in it? Uh, no, not quite I suppose if I curl up a little curled up caught up, um, whatever. What else could you tell us about it? It's got a little basket in it and it's got a light Oh a basket would this be able to fit a human head? Um, well the basket would probably be better for feet feet and thinking my hands after Put the hands under right. What about leakage? I don't know. I hope it's in good shape And it's in very good shape. It's brand new. The seal on it is very good. You know brand new No odors, you know, no orders at all. Oh, perfect Now i'm interested in uh, you you said you if you curled up you could you uh fit in there I'm just trying to describe it. Yeah. No, I understand this. Uh, so you have the phone near the freezer Yes, I have it right in the house. It's on top. Can you uh, I know this sounds silly But uh, can you go inside the freezer to uh, let's get this give us a better idea of how big this thing is Do you feel fit? It's not a walking. We don't want to walk in so I see what you're saying in regards to measuring it Yes, if you could if you fit in it either laying there Then we'll know if we could use it could half of you fit in it maybe on top of each other theoretically If you were cut, wait a minute, take it from there. All right, say you were cutting half Do you fit in it on top of each other? No No, this is very serious miss If you were cut maybe cordon listen, i'm gonna hang up on this Put your legs Okay Hello new yorkers you've been hearing a lot lately about opi and anthony They're setting new standards in new york radio opi and anthony. They're mature They're educational johnny's starting to grow a hair in places. He didn't have it before and they reinforce Family values son coming down. No i'm not not if you're gonna start talking about mom's moves opi and anthony heard afternoons on this fine station nbw There's some confusion with that one opi a lot of people don't understand it's powered power like powered by a generator or powered by By electricity that's what I hear so do I that's crystal clear to me I got a few uh people emailing saying what are you talking about? Why are you mentioning? Someone else No jack off listen 212757 1027 is our number we haven't gotten any clearance on playing that uh, voicemail we got haven't Uh, no No, we haven't gotten clearance and no we can't play it how we can't play it Certain minions from um another radio show Yeah Calling our voicemail and cursing us out same person who tried to get a job with our show pretty entertaining Mike can we say who it is? We won't talk about that right? We suck so much Why did you uh try to get a job with us over and over and over again? I even forgot his name Uh and tim from babalon. Yeah channel four just did a live shot from the bronx the reporter was about 20 feet in the air Yeah, they're putting him in hot air balloons now Uh the rules of three bombs F bomb never drop it in front of uh mom N bomb never drop it in a bronx movie theater c bomb never drop ever. Yeah ever ever ever ever All right, let's go to frank frank. You're next on n.dw Hey, what's up guys? How are you? I'm doing pretty good If you're interested, I just happen to have in front of me because I have access the ratings from yesterday Oh really if you're interested Was there a little spike oh you could say that Uh, what exactly what time did the weapon hit the target now? You're not be asking us right? No, I I um Do you have the normal I can I can confirm it off off the air Do you do you uh have the normal ratings for the channel four six o'clock news on a regular slow news day? Yes, I do. Oh, well, I only pulled yesterday I could pull another day to compare but I was doing it kind of quick. All right Why don't we just do this then it's the six o'clock news the first quarter hour Uh the success is first. Oh, let's uh, let's do the build up channel two news All right today from six to six fifteen. What kind of uh ratings do they get? Uh, six point seven with a fourteen So six point seven rating with a fourteen share. All right, let's go to channel seven six o'clock news from six to six fifteen Six point one with a thirteen comparable. They're both uh, almost even in the sixes, right channel four news six o'clock yesterday Between six and six fifteen when the a bomb was dropped Uh, it's only down to the quarter hour level I can only give you the six point seven with a fourteen So it's they had a well they were number one No, they were definitely number one. All right, but you guys started talking about it at five, right at five o'clock The rating was a seven point three with a nineteen So people got a little bored it dropped around to a seven point two So if you're channel four, uh, are you pissed or happy? They've got to be happy I mean they're probably pissed because you know The day bomb was dropped on them, but they got to be happy with uh, the overnight ratings. Absolutely And and the wcbs is really pissed because they did a three point six with a seven Oh damn because we told them that we weren't going to do that, you know See, we're trying to be team players by involving The the company in our little hijinks we can help the news Yeah, we sure can we can help your newscast because we did spend like a half hour saying we will not do it to our Own company channel two cbs and what was the rating again? Uh the for for the first hour news It was a seven point two with an eighteen and for the quarter hour when the bomb was dropped It was a six point seven with a fourteen. Okay So they did very good. But I mean as you guys know working in the business It's totally confusing us now. What was the three point six three point six was wcbs That's what i'm saying. Oh, i'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's what I mean So we told everyone that it wasn't going to happen on channel two and what was their rating three? The five to six news did a three point four rating with an eight share All right, and we said it would be uh at that point it was pretty obvious it was going to be channel four What was their rating? Uh a seven point two with an eighteen. Yeah, see I I I want to apologize to uh To channel two news Boss could you get a full funnel notary on channel two news, please? Uh, we we we always talk this one out here and not be advantageous Anthony we doubled the the the tv audience for the competition. That's right Because they told us leave our own affiliates along right? We we know what works here. We know what would Oh boy, you figure poops are worth a couple of share points. I mean they could be so mad. Yeah Oh, that's funny. Oh man kind of pathetic. They're funny what I can't do guys is i'll look up what the news normally does And i'll call spaz back and if it's worth something he'll let you know if not no problem Yeah, well, well, let's know what happened the day before when it was just a regular, you know, okay I'll do that. Call back. Okay. All right guys. Bye Wow Hey brian Hey, how are you brian? Good. What's up? Oh, yes Hey shouldn't the uh shouldn't the name of that bomb be changed from a bomb to the c bomb Uh, well, yeah, but we didn't want to you know, let anyone in on the on the joke before it happened But I don't know but I mean it was the c bomb. I mean now though from here on out. Yeah You know I think that's the way to go. I I don't think we're going to be uh going to that one anymore No, that's that's that's you just you pull that out once. Yeah, right, right I agree, but I mean I just felt that you know, it should be referred to in the past tense now as c bombs Um, correct. Yeah. All right. Good. All right We still love seeing the wow signs on tv and all yeah, that's fine. All right, great But you can't problem you can't pull out the c bomb too many times. I got a landscape company I got wow stickers all over everything. All right. Cool, man. All right. Thank you. See you guys What happened to today's wow sticker stop? We haven't heard from those guys Did they get there yet? I don't know. It's all the way. Can we call the van maybe? Uh gorilla boys down there were thorough Scouts discount auto in the bronx 345 conner street giving out the wild stickers today. Yes What mike a lot of chocolate together. We're gonna call you jamaican mike Yeah You're from jamaica, right? Yeah. Okay. How long how long you've been up up here 14 years 14 years You just forget the cool thing because it works with the chicks, right? See, you know, you probably like, you know when we go up the uh, what do you really sound like? Hey, what's up? How you doing? Have you ever said yaman yeah You say uh, it's all good Saying it's all good. Yeah, you're going on vacation down south way down south in the islands. It's all good. Yeah Why wouldn't it be? man That must be Guys getting chicks with an accident, dude Geez nothing wrong with that Oh, hey, we got her on the phone girl Hey, hey, i'm not lousy falling again Because he yelled into it Everyone's checking out the damage to the wow van. Oh my god. We got only body. Uh, what's he shooting on? I don't body. They're looking at it now They're sucking the damage that was it feels like it's really a tool put it on this credit card How many people down there? Very nice now now really cool. I think this is representing a lot of people want to know don't want to start fighting or anything today Um, a lot of people thought you quit How did that how did how did that all work out for you? So last time last time you know, we had you on our show you were yelling and screaming saying I don't need this anymore I'm gonna talk to jeremy and i'm gonna quit You know, no jeremy and clagg we sat down. We we talked about it and honestly, I want to apologize to you guys Oh god We're not accepting we're not gonna accept your apology. We're not accepting any apologies We're not gonna allow you to embarrass yourself in front of our listeners. I'm not embarrassing myself. No, i'm just i'm glad I won No, you weren't at all. We we we we abused you bad. Don't apologize to us. We'll lose respect for you You told us off keeping it that that's fine I can handle it I've been thinking about this for a long time. You know what? I was at a loss. I know the nature of the show Abuse the center of the show you're gonna bring us flowers or something I'm not gonna go that far but earl you're a tool man. I am a tool but i'm good. You're you're really a fool Don't apologize I'd rather you hear you know go f yourself I'm not gonna say that on the you guys are in the next trouble. Yeah. And what do you think of the next chances earl? The next chances Oh boy Huh Human support of a discussion not before you guys get the whole anymore Hey earl, uh, are there a lot of brothers down there in the bronx today? All right All right, very good well have fun at the wild sticker stop Yeah, we're gonna be with for a couple more minutes and then Well, this is the bronx you have to get the hell out of there the market park What what do you mean? You're gonna be there a couple minutes I think we're gonna be a couple of more minutes. Well, you gotta give people time to go down there Yeah, we're gonna be until six o'clock That's more than a couple minutes All right, thank you Yes All right, thank you. Thank you Thank you guys There goes the earl on the crappy phone again. I was in a good mood today, man Yeah, boy the guy's like a schizo though. Sometimes he's in a good mood. Sometimes he's a some miserable miserable man I don't know. He should adopt the uh accent the jamaican accent All the chicks man. Yeah, because he's going for the same look, you know, he shaved his shaved his head He cut his head open shaving his head It's very good got the big gas on his head big band-aid on top of his head Did you make your mic? Do you just like pound girls when you're not working? I can't say that man. Oh, you got you got the special lady, right? You know it you know it What kind of lady is she? Hmm. Is she a nice lady? Yeah, she's beautiful. Did you steal one of our white women? Did you we got the prize of the community did you steal one of our white women come on you can be honest No, uh, oh, you got a fine ebony princess Yeah, yeah. All right. Yeah, i'm good man. I'm good. Yeah, i'm good I know I think he's got a white woman man. Come on Help us out. But he's packing a baby's arm clutching it right For louisiana black snake The jamaican boa constrictor Uh, you know it the boner constrictor You know that's not a white girl with a jamaican for that one. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah Well, that's that's what happens. They uh get into the fight with a boyfriend. They go down there and uh, boy have an awakening They come back limping They come back limping Yeah, yeah, yeah you're wrecking for us so they get back to the state Oh, forget about it. Oh, there's that cute little thing again There you go Gee, thanks I got a strap of boy on the back of my butt now No chance for you when you return man. Yeah, jamaican. Yeah, jamaican crotch. Uh bleed look at his hat His hat describes his junkie. What does it say? Yeah I can relate because uh a guy that you can't hope no listen listen A guy a guy But that's my boy. We went down to person keikos. Let me explain Okay, a guy that looked uh, very similar to him right and you were there Yeah, all over my woman nothing I can do if he wanted her he what was I going to do? A little lasso with his junk like spinning over his head like a rope and open up it I think we got out of there alive. I'm tired. I think we did. All right I was able to you know, convince her that uh, I was I was the better man and let's let's get back to the state Wasn't he the uh, wasn't it a guy selling herb too? He was he was the god What the hell was his name and then he would just walk around it's all good And he had white women all over his damn world all over his body Oh, yeah, he was great. He must have pounded 10 chicks that week along and one of them he wanted to be my girlfriend Oh without a doubt The hell was his name? Oh That dicks thing Found eddie murphy right? Well, jamaican mike we're gonna try to um, make you feel at home here. Yes Looks like the cd player smoked too much weed That doesn't play no, hold on See if that works. Yeah, I cleaned the the cd and yeah Rubbed it on my shirt here. There we go Little prison loop and you're all set Is What the hell are you doing to our ladies down there in Jamaica? When we're not looking. God damn. What are you people? Un-doped? What? Popular song still, right? Always popular, man. They got it from an eagle. Butt-tack. Penis-ack. Butt-tack. Hey, you're kicking in my mouth. Ouch. She's talking about the joint of four. You got me, man. Butt-tack. Ouch. Butt-tack. Ouch. Guys, man, come on. Yeah, you never want to let your girl go down there alone. Excuse me while I whip this out. You ever see that stuff when they go, you know, you get your girlfriends going, yeah, well, me and my other girlfriend are going to go on a little trip. Yeah, we're going to go down to Jamaica. Just like, oh, come on. What? Right when you step off the plane, you're just getting Jamaican penis. That's part of the like welcome committee. Yeah, that's part of the system. Hi, baby. Welcome to Jamaica. On the air Jamaica, on the ride home, they give the girls those donut pillows. Like you blow them up like the little tubes. Yeah. Like the roid pillows so they can sit in so they get their vag arrest. Mike, let's go. Oh, we lost Mike. He had a Jamaican story. Oh, let's go to Roger. Hey, Roger, what's up? I wanted to ask Jamaica Mike how many job he got. One, just one. What do you mean you only got one job? I know I should have got like five. I just got one. I got a good one. Mike works downstairs. He's a great guy. Yeah, great guy. That's when I knew, by the way, that's when I knew Ant and I were starting to do pretty well in the ratings. Because I'm like, he? You? Listen to our show. Because one day he finally said, hey, how's that wow mind or whatever you said. Or something about the show. And I looked at Ant like, oh, wait a minute. Maybe the show is working. Here you go. What do you? What business do you have? Listen to a couple of white boys from Long Island. When was the last time you were back? Seven years. Really? When you had to get back there more often? I'm going to the first week of August. It's because it's a smorgasbord up here. Mike goes down there with his competition, right? More guys putting the moves on. Hey, baby. Let's go to Letty. Big joints, just getting them all assed up on pie. And you pull that out. Oh, no. That's it. They're staying. Well, I'm going to go play some volleyball. Yeah, fun. With my girlfriend. The Air Jamaica planes just shaped and painted like giant penises now. Is that the new paint scheme for the 767s that are flying down there? The giant Air Jamaican penis. Lenny, what's going on? Hey, how's it going? All right. I was in Jamaica Easter week. Let me tell you something. Me and my buddy went to a Breezer Resort. It was all inclusive. We had a great time. But it was amazing that every girl, all these white girls, it's only one was these Jamaicans. I mean, the guys are great guys. They have great personalities and everything. But there was even, we saw these three girls walking around with wedding rings. Okay. And there's one girl, I saw her three nights in a row at the club. She hit and noticed one guy hanging all over him. I'm telling you, it's insane. So the moral of the story is if you're looking to hook up, don't go to Jamaica. Yeah, really. If you're in that, we'll bring shoe polish. All right, let's go to Becca. Becca, what's going on? Hey, I was wondering what's up with the What's in Your Fence? I want to play. You want to play What You're Making, Mike? All right, yeah. Yeah, once you go Jamaican, your crotch will be aching. Oh, no. My God. All right, so can I play? Are you driving? Yeah, I know. I'm on the road right now. I'm on my little phone. So it's more fun this way anyway. Well, do you have easy access? I'm getting there. I'm just, I'm steering with my knee. All right. What are you wearing that you're taking off right now? Shorts. Shorts? I'm wearing shorts, and that's about it. And then, well, I'll play every t-shirt. What about panties? Thong. Thong, very nice. Nice body. Brand new. Brand new thong. It's still thong. What color is the thong? It's got the thong thong going on. Thong thong thong. It's got to be with the thong. What color is the thong? Blue. Blue, okay. Okay, all right. You haven't really described what you look like. Oh, I'm sorry. 5'7", 130, blonde hair, 3'9". Okay. Very tan, oh, d-cup. D-cup. Why do you sound like a... No tan lines. No tan lines, okay. You're proud of your body of you tanning the nude there. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. How would you like to blow my lawn, huh? Huh? All right, and what road are you on? Okay, I'm getting on to Sunrise Highway. Oh, a Long Island check. Yeah, I know. Don't give me stuff. I don't have fake nails though. All right, hold on. Hold on, we got to play the intro. Ah. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Are you ready? Hold on. All right, so you know how to do it? All right, so you know how to play What's in My Pants, right? Oh, yeah. To make a mic, you know how to play, right? No. Huh. Well, we... Boy, thanks for being a faithful listener. I know. I know. I know. That's all right. What she does is she's going to rub the phone all over her, you know? Her thing, we have to guess. Yeah, what her hair is shaped in. Okay. Yeah, and of course, you don't reveal, Becca, until we ask you. Right. So, Becca? Yeah. Go ahead. Okay, if I stomp him, can I get wrestling tickets? Yeah, but... Come on. Yeah, that's fine. It's a wrestling to make a mic. Yeah. It's a wrestling to make a mic. Oh, my God. If you... I can see your face. I believe we have a sound clip for Becca when she meets to making mic. Excuse me while I whip this out. All right, Becca. If you stomp Jamaican mic, we'll give you wrestling tickets, but you can't lie. Oh, I won't lie. All right. Very good. Okay. All right. Why don't you rub the phone up and down? Hold on. Listen carefully. Whoa. Did you hear? Yeah. It sounds like you lost it. Right. All right. Was that up and down? Yeah, it was up and down. Now, do it side to side. Okay, hold on. Slowly. Okay, was that good? Okay. Now, circular motion. Very slowly. Okay, hold on. Sounds like she's going over a large pothole. Maybe she is. How many times have you been to Jamaica? Nothing, Becca. Okay. Do you need to hear circular again? No, I got a pretty good line on this, I think. You do? Yeah, I'm going to go off of my normal... Well, let Jamaican mic go first. All right. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay, go ahead. Circular motion. Circular motion. Okay, hold on. Is that okay? Yes, that's very nice. All right. To our guest, Jamaican mic. The choices are triangle, basic triangle, Hitler mustache, which is a very short one. And then, the last one is the triangle. Okay. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Becca, thanks for playing What's in My Pants. Thank you. Any final words to Jamaican Mike? Not really. All right. All right, hold on the line, Becca. There she goes. Give her the wrestling pants. And we've got to take a quick break. A bunch of people on hold. They've got Jamaican stories. Oh, my God. This could get pretty interesting. Look at Poe Jason on line nine. I know. My fiance in Jamaica now without me. Oh, man. Maybe you could tell him what's going on. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Tell him what's going on. Yeah. Okay. We'll go to him after break and you can tell him maybe what he can expect when she gets back. Wait, wait. Do that again. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Oh, no. Hold on. Oh, no. This is Beyonce. I got copagrata. No, dear. Honey. Honey, you're back from Jamaica. What the hell's that sound? That's amazing. All right. We'll go to the phones next. Opie and Anthony. One, eight, seven, eight, W, N, E, W. Anthony, the diamond exchange. Yeah. This is great, man. You want to see how faithful your woman is, you know, sent her to Jamaica. See if she comes back in one piece. Yeah. You know that she's been faithful at that point and it might be time to pop the question. That's probably a good litmus test is to, well, you get yourself some spackle, right? Right. And your spackle closed some areas. And then send it to Jamaica. See if it comes back looking like the wall behind the door where the knob hits it. You know? If it comes back looking like that, maybe it's not time to make the commitment. But if it comes back all sealed up still, head for the diamond exchange. Immediately. This is the girl for you. Yeah. Diamond exchange. For over 12 years, they've been the tri-state area's premier source for diamonds and fine jewelry and not just engagement rings. I mean, they do all kinds of contemporary custom jewelry with custom settings, platinum, Whatever you need for that special person in your life, the diamond exchange staff, they'll help you choose from an exciting collection of loose diamonds and the most beautiful, unique, and custom design engagement mounting that you'll ever see. Give them a call. Diamond exchange at 1-800-550-0633. That's 1-800-550-0633. The diamond exchange, Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. Come see for yourself why their customers return again and again. Loose diamonds? Loose diamonds. Just like the girls down in Jamaica. They'll come back loose like the diamonds. The diamond exchange. Give them a call. 1-800-550-0633. Honey, what happened? You're missing a few teeth. All right. The diamond exchange. Give them a call. Huh? 1-800-550-0633. We're hanging with our new friend, Jamaican Mike Anthony. Well, he's been a friend for quite a while now. Well, he's new to the radio audience stuff. Yeah. 2-12-757-1027. We're talking about Jamaica and how paranoid we get when our ladies go down there without us because they run into guys like Mike here. Oh, forget about it. That's it. They're coming back ruined. What was once tighter than a thimble is now like, remember the old movie you see where the mother comes out and wants everybody to come back to the house for Vittles. So she puts the thing in that triangle bell and goes, blang, blang, blang, blang, blang, blang, blang. And then she goes, oh, I'm going to go down there and I'm going to go down there and I'm going to go down there and I'm going to go down there and I'm going to go down there and blang, blang, blang, blang. That's what it ends up looking like. What happened? Wow. What the hell happened? She went to Jamaica. Like throwing a crowbar down an empty hallway. Down the hallway. Let's go to Jason. He's over, Johnny. Jason's getting really paranoid because I guess his fiance is in Jamaica right now without him. Jason, what's going on? What's going on, guy? Hey, man. What's up? Talking to you. Let's go. So your fiance is in Jamaica? Yeah. I'm home laying tile and my buddy walked in and said, guess what? You can insert your own joke there. Someone is laying pipes in Jamaica right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I figured. He's laying tile too. He resides on the beach. She's laying tile too. Yeah, I bet she is. His name's Tile. This sucks. What is she making, Mike? They got those wacky names down there. Hey, Tile. Meet Dexter and Tile. Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? Dexter St. John, right? So you want to ask Jamaica Mike a question? Yeah, if I might ask, what happened? What happened? And should I take the ring back now? No, don't take it back, man. Keep us having fun. Yeah, yeah. She's certainly... If you're lucky, dude, she'll maybe just be one of the smaller guys, 8 to 10 inches. And you'll still have something left to salvage when she gets back. Oh, Jason. She's down there... She's going out tonight, that's it. She's down there right now? Have you talked to her? Yeah, she's been calling me every night. Every night, huh? Every night. Well, so just making sure you're not supposing her down there. You know, because when you get the phone call, you know you have at least... She went to the store and bought. You have at least like six, seven hours. If she calls from the airport... Forget about it. She's coming home tomorrow, though. Oh, she is? She was only there for five days, so it's only minimal damage, hopefully. Hey, wait a minute. We have some audio from your fianc. Oh, yeah? You're going to get me fucked. Yeah. I guess you guys need to take classes from me. I'm just a pretty good guy. I'm just a pretty good guy. I'm just a pretty good guy. Oh, man. Have your girls ever gone there? No. Oh, no. I guess you're not that tough, huh? No, it's good. It's all good, Harry. The making mic says it's all good. Don't worry. The making mic says it's all good, all right? Oh, it's all good. It's all good. I'll let you know if she comes home, and I have to go, hello? All right, call on me. Thank you. All right? Oh, man. There you go, Jason. Excuse me while I whip this thing. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Just tell me, and I will whip this house. Dave, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? Hey, man. How you doing? Good. So I'm feel bad for Jay's girl, I tell you. Well, for Jay. This girl's getting it out there right now, isn't she? What, Dad? Probably. Cockroach. And my ex-girlfriend didn't call me at all when she was away.peace. I don't know, man. I'm telling you, if she came back though, it was terrible. It was like throwing a hot dog down a hallway. I'm like throwing a hot dog down a hallway. I'm telling you man. I've had, I don't know, a tighter sex with a Cheerio. It's really a bad thing I think once they get down there. Your joke would have been funnier if you said you had tighter sex with like an inner tube, by the way. Cheerio is tight. Cheerio is very tight. It was alright though. It's a little rough. We can all dream I guess though, right? Thank you Dave. Have a good one guys. See this is what we didn't want to hear. Now the ladies are calling. Tammy is going to crush all of us. Tammy what's going on? Say it Tammy. Say it. Say it. It's true. What? What's true? What's true? What's true? What's true? What is she doing? Tammy, what are you working? No, no, I was at the kitchen. I was at the kitchen. I was at the kitchen. I was at the kitchen. I was at the kitchen. I was at the kitchen. No, no, I was at the gas station. They asked me to turn my car off. What's longer? The guys' salons in Jamaica or the gas hose coming out of the pump? Not the sling. Oh yeah? Well what do you want to say? Yeah, what do you want to say? We're doing a radio show here. Tammy. Is there someone from Jamaica? I don't know about that. I think she's been bludgeoned with a Jamaican member over her head. And she's a little slow now. She's a little slow now. There's a bunch of dents in her brain. Man, help us out. How does a girl talk her boyfriend into going to Jamaica alone? It's like, could you go to your girlfriend and go, yeah, well I'm just going to go visit like a whorehouse in Vegas. Yeah, and I got all these free coupons for like free hummers and you know, butt checks and stuff. And I'll just go there. Later. Man, we're still alive. Hey, Matt. Hello. What's wrong with you, Matt? I'm just scared, Matt. Come on. Matt. Hello. Yeah, Matt. Yeah, what's up, man? What's up? I can't hear you. You can hear us. Just fine. Okay, okay, okay. You know, I was on TV last night with the whole sign. I got you on the Sunday the 11th news. He can't hear because a white woman's thighs are over his ears. I think that's probably what's going on now. Seriously. All right, this show's getting too big. Even people that don't understand English are starting to listen to us now. That's right. I'm from France. Oh, you're Frenchy? Yes. Oh, okay. I'm from France but I still know what wo means. You know what wo means? No, wo. He knows what wo means. W-O-W. That's correct. So you got a wo on your car. No, actually I had it on my board. Like a little board for messenger. A little board. That's right. A boat? No, like a board, like a board for messenger where you put all the delivery on it on the back of it. Oh, a board. Yeah. So I got a little sleek. They had all of these signs, you know, at Big City Apple. And you know, I just like walked through them and I put the wo right through the camera. Hey, Matt, Matt, Matt. Yes. How does spaz is an idiot sound in another language? Repeat after me. Spaz is an idiot. Spaz is an idiot. Yes, say it in French. Say it in French. Okay. Spaz, you are an idiot. You are c***. Oh, bourgeoisie. It sounds like they're ready to regurgitate. Actually, you know what? I just g**p in French. What? I just g**p in French. Oh, you just g**p in French? I g**p in French but you couldn't bleep me. Oh, you g**p. Of course. Of course. Of course. We will bleep you. You g**p? Yeah, I just g**p in French. G**p. G**p. G**p. No, we got you. Oh, okay. Yeah, we understand. All right, Anthony, you're the man. Ah, yes. I see you all the time when you get down to 800 7th Avenue when you get outside. I was there when G was... A little frightened now. I was there when G was putting on a fight. G more? Oh, yes. I was outside and you were on your cell phone. I took a picture of you. Okay, terrific. Hey, hey, hey. Wee, wee. Hey. Wee, wee, wee. All right, thank you, Matt. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay, now I'm really afraid. Hey. Ah. Someone wants... I think so. Chris from the Bronx wants to make Mike to say, look what I did to you again with that accent of his. Mike, you have to say that for us. Just say, look what I did to you again. Look what I did to you again. Yeah, you got to do the pause. You got to go isolate it. Look what I did to you again. Look what I did to you again. Yeah, I'm on. Barry, what's going on? I'm calling in about the fact that the Jamaicans, a man was called in earlier that said that he's fancy down there and he's calling him. Yeah. Better watch out because I live with the Jamaicans and that little stereotype about the big thing is true. It's true. Oh, yeah. My boyfriend's from Tlalani. Tlalani? I'm from St. Thomas. Okay. St. Thomas between Portland and Old Kingston. Right. He's got family there as well. They made the distance in penis over there. So that's like 25 penis away or something like that. Wow. All right. Mary, he just pounds you and pounds you. He takes care of it every night. Mary, how huge is it? Is it like a shopping bag now? Can you remember when it was the size of a normal private area? No. Seven years. I've been here seven years. Does it give you acid reflux from hitting your stomach? It's like an old man's mouth when he pops his teeth out. Oh, my God. Oh, man. Do you walk like you have a rash all the time? No. No? You get used to it after a while, but I'm not going nowhere else. But that's it. There's no turning back now. You've set the bar at a certain level and it's over. When you're naked and you're walking around your house, does it sound like you're wearing a corduroy? No, it's fine, but he takes care of it and welds. When you get into the bathtub, the water level goes down. I love you guys. You're great. He got me into listening to you. You're all. Thank you. Man. That's something. We're breaking the ground here, finding out that Jamaicans have really big ones. Sara. Yeah. Hey, how are you? Very good. How are you guys? We're doing all right. You are the greatest. You make my drive home the greatest. Thank you. When I was down in Jamaica, they had lots of wooden statues with these large Jamaican junks, if you will. Really? It was a big bamboo. They have shirts that say, who's afraid of the bamboo? That's how you get used to looking at it on a statue before you have to see the real thing. Exactly. If you want to try it out, you get back into it. It's the plunger thing all over again. Oh, man. So did you have any of that Jamaican sex down there? No, I didn't. I was close, but a lot of Jamaican rinsed it in me. Oh, my God. Oh. Okay, terrific. Have a great day, guys. All right. Bye. Let's go to Brad. Hot and huge penises. Why would girls come back? Why do they come back? Yeah, why do they come back? That's like a strip club that gives away free beer and never closes. Right. Why would the guy leave? Brad. ONA, what's up, guys? How are you? How are you doing, Jamaican Mike? I'm doing pretty good. You? I'm doing all right. All right. I got this ridiculous story. I'd better be careful how I tell this to you being on the radio, but you hear it. All right. So a friend of mine, a close friend of mine, he went down to Jamaica for spring break this year, and he went into this bar, and they were actually having, what's the best way to put this, just a random girls at the bar. They were having an oral contest. How was that? Whoa. Like a Hummer contest? Absolutely. So girls that were just at the bar were giving Hummers to guys? He said basically it was a bunch of random guys they had lined up there, and they were just taking out of these drunk girls that were just at the bar, and they all got down and got prizes and drinks and stuff like that. Whoa. He said it was pretty unbelievable. Yeah. Keep going, baby. Keep going. Keep going. I'm almost there. Oh. It's all good, though. It's all good. All right, Brad. Take care. Thank you. Wow. Let's go to John. John, how are you? Hey. How you doing, guys? All right. Pretty good. My sister went down to Jamaica. She looks up at a guy named Wellington, and she's a good guy. She said, hey, that's cute. You got your name on your junk. And he said, no, ma. It says welcome to Jamaican Mom. Have a nice day. Not old, yeah. Not old, yeah. Sorry. See you. I'll talk to you. He made that one up, dude. Yeah. Call that joke into another radio show, ma. Johnny, what's up? Hey, man. What's going on? Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Johnny, what's up? Hey, man. What's going on? How are you? I got a funny Jamaican story for you. I had no idea what Jamaica was all about, but the men's units down there were huge. Ten years ago, get married, right? My wife and I, we were only with each other before then. We were two virgins on our honeymoon. We got down there. And, you know, you go to the club med scene or the hotel down there, and then you just stay kind of by yourself. Well, one night we decided to venture out to go to the local scene to kind of catch out what's going on. Biggest mistake ever. We go to this luau, this type of thing where like all the local guys are there, we're hanging around a bonfire, eating, drinking. All of a sudden, my wife starts dancing with one of these guys. And this guy started sporting wood, if you know what I'm saying. Oh my God. Dude, that thing could have covered half of D.C. It was like an Australian shave. Ever since then. Excuse me. We see your stuff. Excuse me while I whip this out. Georgia! It's Georgia! Wow. So what happened, Johnny? So I'm sitting there in amazement, and her eyes are like the snake from Jungle Book. That snake with the eyes are all googly eyed, and she's just like staring at that thing. It has never been the same. Ten years later, it has never been the same. She looks at it like bananas different now. Chicken in my mouth. Of course, talking about the joints in Jamaica. Yeah, the joints. Ouch. I never sized up since then. Yeah. Wow. I just have to thank the Jamaican men for ruining it for the rest of us. Thank you a lot, Mike. All right, thank you. Bye, Johnny. Bye-bye. Wow. That's real, man. Oh my God, that's awful. That was hilarious. The snake from Jungle Book. Look at that. Wow, that's horrible. Her face is like those wacky paintings you see in the subway where the girls have the big, huge eyes. Hey, Mike. Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? How are you doing? All right, I got a story for you. I was down in Jamaica for spring break about two months ago. All right, I'm at this bar. First of all, these guys, these local guys, they're cool. They go to the bar and they just stand around all cool in the back of the bar with like a joint. There's plain loads of white chicks coming in. I mean, why wouldn't you want to go to the bars? I see. Here comes another one, man. We go out, I see the hottest white girl I've ever seen. All right. I see her. I don't have the courage to go talk to her. Finally, like on the third night, I get a couple of red stripes from me. I'm going to go and talk to her. I see her in the corner of the bar, hooking up with this rough, Australian guy, this Jamaican guy. She's rubbing his junk. She's all over the sky. And I am just heartbroken. My confidence the entire week just went down the tubes, man. Why would she try to forget about it, man? Here's you. Here's you. Is Jamaican like you? There she is. I did that comparison again. That's too good. I'm the guy that she would rip at the bar. Anthony. Yo. How are you? I was down in Jamaica a couple weeks ago. Yeah. And there I am. I hook up with these two girls and I meet one of the guys, the entertainment guy, the resort I was at. And we end up going back to their room, you know, having some fun with the girls. I see this guy's hammer come out. It's the biggest thing I have ever seen. It didn't get any bigger. It was just, it was like down to like almost his knee. And the damn thing, it didn't get any bigger. It didn't swell. It just stood up. Like a sleeping Doberman, you know, when they wake up and they just get up. The dancing just stood up and looked at me. I said, Oh my God, I had to get the hell out of there. I'm almost there. I walked out of the room. See you later, precious. Oh my God. Gary, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How you doing? We're doing all right. Yeah, I got a friend who's a waiter and he's got a buddy at work. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's a Jamaican guy. He's got into a contest in this country for the biggest penis. They have these, they have these contests down there in Chudinmul villages. He's got a 14 inch penis. And guess what, guys? He came in third place. I mean, if I go down there, I'll have to enter the women's competition. And I'll probably lose. Same, guys. Never mind. Thank you. Music or losers? Excuse me while I whip this out. Junkzilla. Ed, what's up? Hey, boys. Hey. You're going to make me drive off the road. I'm down in Jamaica at one of these all-inclusive resorts. And they have this guy, the body man, who took us all on a picnic. There was five guys, five white guys. A picnic man. Five white girls and the body man. The body man. He takes us out into the ocean, into like five deep water. And we start playing these drinking games with rum punch and everything. Yeah. Well, one thing leads to another. And everybody starts to get naked. And of course, what happens when white guys go in the ocean? They get the turtle head. So there's five of us standing there. This has been more humiliating in my life. He takes down his shorts. And this thing is down like three quarters of the way down his thigh. There's a line of women waiting to get it on with him. Oh, man. That's great, man. That's great. Why would you be all down there? Why would you take off your trunks, let's say, if you know you have a turtle head? Biggest mistake of my life. He said if you wanted to stay there, you had to take your shorts off. Oh, yeah, sure. It eliminates the competition. Exactly. That's their plan. They get whiny down there. They take advantage of it. There he goes. I'm awful. Bob. Yeah. How's it going, guys? Well, you know, one thing that the white American male probably has over the Jamaican schlong is a tongue. Jamaicans will not use it on women. Is that true, Jamaican Mike? Well, that's true, but a lot of guys had to do that, no, but before. They never used to do it. Well, you can go down to the big schlong contest, but if you can stand in the corner and lick your eyebrows, you'll probably get more. Yeah, you keep telling yourself that, Bob. Well, you don't think I can do that? No, it's not for you, man. Forget about it. Oh, come on. Not in Jamaica, somewhere else. Mark. Hey, dude. Hey. Oh, man, I went into CVS like two weeks ago, and they said, oh, hey, your wife's got pictures. You want to pick them up? I said, yeah, sure, what's that? She's down in Jamaica. I'm in the car, man. She's down there with her girlfriend. I got pictures of her, her girlfriend, and Long Don Silver laying in the bed. Yeah, I go, Mike, what the hell am I going to do with this now? You know what I mean? I pulled the picture out, she hasn't said anything. I don't even know. And I say, okay, fine, who took the damn picture? That guy's killing it, man. Maybe they had the camera set up on a tripod and he just hit it with his schlong. I think he was holding it with the end of his schlong because I couldn't see the tip of it. Wow. That's funny, Mike. Let's do it, man. It's the Jamaican Heart's lonely club. They're going to kill it. All right, Mike, thank you. I bless you, man. All right, thank you. All right, come on. Louis. Hey. Hey. What's up, guys? What's up, Louis? Hey, man, I went to Jamaica like two years ago, and I'm hooking up with this black Jamaican girl, and she's telling me that I'm the first white guy she's ever had, right? I bring her back to the hotel room, and I'm around like seven inches, so I'm like, you know, I think that I'm good and stuff. I whip it out, and it's all ready. I'm ready to go, and she says, wait a minute, you need some Viagra? I got some Viagra. I'm like, what do you mean, Viagra? I'm like, this is me, man. What are you talking about? She's like, no, no, I got some Viagra. Hold on, wait a minute. Not big enough, Louis. Seven inches, man. What's that all about with these Jamaican? I'm rich, though, man. All right, you guys roll, man. I like it. Thank you. Oh, man, this is too far to go. This is long. Chris. Hey, Chris. Yeah. How are you? All right. What do you got? There's a website, and they got this Jamaican guy with this huge... Wait, wait, wait. You guys start over. You can't curse. There's a Jamaican website. It's a regular website, but they got this Jamaican guy on it. Okay. Stretching, twisting his things around, and then he lifts like a big rock with it. It's PunchBaby.com. PunchBaby.com? Yeah, you got to go to the left. It says ouch. And then it says a bunch of, you know, there's a bunch of like little links to go into. All right. And you got to go to stretchy. All right, thank you. All right, later. Bye. I don't know if he's for real, but he probably drunk, you know. You know, Tommy checking in from Fairlawn, because you know a woman's been in Jamaica too long when she thinks anaconda is a thorn flesh. All right, we got to take a break. Yeah. Wow. That's great, man. That's horrible, man. Why would a guy go down there? Why would a crazy white boy go down to Jamaica? Hey, look at this clip. I've seen this clip. Oh, it's the guy that lifts stuff with his schlong. Yeah. I can understand that you're a single guy maybe. You want to go down there and smoke more pot than you've ever smoked in your life. That's one thing. But if you got a chick, can you go down there? You're insane. Or if you let your chick go down there alone or with one of her girlfriends, like that's going to help. Oh, she'll go with a girlfriend. They'll protect each other. No. Skewered like shish kebab, the two of them. Like a piece of beef and a pepper on a skewer. That's it, man. All right, quick break and we'll be back. Y'all be in bad solution. That's right, that's right. Welcome to 127-128-123. Don't go to CNN for dick jokes. Don't come here for the news. We are in developer in Anthony show. I like it when this show is dirty. 127-128-123. But you can watch the news and listen to the radio at the same time and you might see something very interesting like yesterday, right Anthony? Yeah. All right, we're having fun with our new friend, Jamaican Mike. Yeah. Yeah, I'm on. We're going to move on here, but the phones are just lit. Oh my God. Hey, all the guys in the garage rooting on the next there, Mike? No? Not those guys that will get into bossy bars. Really? Yeah, not the Spanish guys. I don't know. We don't really talk about it, guys. They talk at all to each other down there? Sometimes. Yeah? They're going to razz you tomorrow. That's good. That's all good. All right, we got to go to Barbara. Barbara says that she's been to Jamaica 15 times. Oh my God. Barbara. Hi. You've been to Jamaica 15 times. Yes, I've been to Jamaica 15 times. The very first time I ever went, the day I came back, I went back to the travel agent and said, I'm going again. What's the reason why? Excuse me? It's okay. You can talk. What's the reason that you like it so much? Well, I ended up, after about my 13th time, marrying a Jamaican guy here in New York. Well, you had to. For the normal guy having sex with you is like having sex with a warm glass of water. Excuse me. That's not necessarily the case. It's terrible. It's like telling them that that's not the case. Yeah, look at you laughing for a while. I don't know. You've got to be a reason though. But then, I think besides the sex, there's something about Jamaican guys. Nice. And I've traveled a lot of different places. There's some kind of, I don't know what it is, an aura about them. And I mean, I didn't just go down there and play around. I mean, I went down there and I came back up here and I started going to Jamaican clubs and stuff, met a guy and married him and have a wonderful son. That's great. All right. So that birth was no problem. I had Joel keeping it in for nine months. I almost gave birth. You guys are awful. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you a lot. Bye-bye. She wears one of those nettings that you see on Thanksgiving turkey before you cook it. Keeping everything down. I had to be pinned shut. Oh my God. That's funny. Let's go to Mike. Hey, Mike, what's going on? Mike? Yeah, what's up, guys? You're on the radio. Hey, man. I was just telling you before I called in, you know, you go into the bathroom with your kid and stuff and they got them shorts to the balls and you sit there and you tell your kid, well, that's for kids. That's for the Jamaican guys. All the urinals that go right to the... Right to the floor. That's for the Jamaican guys. You guys are great, man. Thank you, Mike. All right, Jake. Look at where you started today, Jamaican life. That's good. That's good. It's all good, right? Yeah, it's all good. Liz. Hello. You say that a lot so they don't bring you up on charges, man. Who are you kidding? Liz. Yes. Hey. Hey. All right. I have a question. I'm going through a little bit of a divorce. My girlfriend just broke up with her man after four years. So we said, we're going to go book a trip. We booked a trip to hedonism. What kind of adventures are we in for? Getting a little scared of all these little stories here. Oh, so you're going... Here we're going June 28th, hedonism three. Now, who are you going with? With one of my girlfriends. Ah. Yeah. How about that? Do you have a boyfriend in here? No. No, okay. Well, then, just go and get some rope. I was thinking, like, we were kind of nervous because all we heard these horrible stories about hedonism and all it is is sex and drugs, blah, blah, blah. And I think we're going to have an arm lane full of fun. Yeah, you're going to have a lot of fun. Ah, yeah. Don't be scared. He's okay. Well, let's connect her with Tony, who thinks hedonism in Jamaica is great. Tony? Yeah, what's going on? Liz is on the line with you. She needs some advice. She's going down to hedonism. Hey, Tony. Hi, Liz. How are you? Good. You've been there? Yeah, I was there in August. And it was absolutely fabulous. I mean, everyone is just so naked. I mean, you know, walking on the beach and you just saw the junk flying everywhere. You're going to have a good time. That's for damn sure. And it was pretty interesting. You know when you get your room key when you go away? Uh-huh. Well, what the guys did is they took the room key and they tied it around their junk and they just sat underneath. And they looked like real tools walking around. Oh, my God. When you go there, you've got to go to the party. They have, like, team parties. You've got to go to, like, a costume party. People felt, like, you know, you go as you go to bed, everyone just goes naked. It's just wild. Oh, man. So you've got to say, hey, guys, you've got to see, when you go there, like, sticky bugs. You've got a side of the gondola that's the size of your arm. Unbelievable. Unfreaking believable. I should pack light then, huh? Oh, real light. Just go, uh, you go to bed. Go nude. Get on the plane naked. Bring plenty of anal ease. Do you think that I'm not going to have to come back then if they're so good down there? Oh, definitely not. You can get anything you want down there. You're definitely not going to want to come back. I can't wait to go back. I was going to eat anything too when I went. Oh, look at that. She wants you to come down. Come down with us. Oh, I might have to. What do you think? Eating anything? Yes, we are. All right. When are you going? June 28. Look at this. Love you. That's a... Look, just wear, like, a wow shirt or something. Absolutely. I'll paint it on my body. I can't wear a shirt. I've got to paint it on. Yeah, there you go. There you go. Hey, they have that, too. They make you twister poolside every day at 4 o'clock. Geez, man. Absolutely fabulous. Oh, my God. I'm just jumping around. Guys, girls, it don't matter. Stuff's everywhere. All right, man. All right, guys. Thanks, guys. Thanks, Liz. Thanks, Tony. All right. There they go. Let's go to John. John, you're next on NAW. Yeah, I was down at Jamaica with my girl a couple months ago, and I was drinking one night, put a performant bed. Big black guy breaks down the door from Kentucky Fried Chicken. He wants to show my girl some love. Relax, make mom look... That's from a Kentucky Fried movie, John. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thank. Thanks. Yeah, no, this is Jennifer. No, it's Wendy. No, no, no, it's Jennifer. No, no, no, it's Wendy. Your name is Wendy. Okay, Wendy then. I guess you just started listening to our show. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, let me fill you in. You just started listening to the show. The name that you said does not exist on this radio show. Oh, okay. I've been listening to the show for quite some time. I love it. Oh, good. All right, so Wendy, what do you have today? I think that all this talk about the long thing, that's not true. Jamaican men are no different from any other type of men. Are you a Jamaican woman? Yeah. Well, kind of just yes. Wendy, because you're used to it. That's why you say that. Let me tell you something. Now, you know why? You haven't probably had the big Jamaican guys, because they like the American white women that fly to come here. So you've had the Jamaican guys that can't get the white chicks, because they got the small ones. No, I don't think that's true. I grew up here. You know, the small ones will be eight inches. You guys are crazy. You are so crazy. That's so not true. That's a myth. Yeah? Yeah. You're just feeding the myth. All right. Anyway, take it easy. Love you, sir. Thank you. All right. I'm going to thank Rick today. During the whole show, he's just putting different pictures of Anna Kornikova up on the screen. I'm looking over there. I've seen about a thousand pictures so far. That's some. Yeah, a lot of new ones. Where does she wear that? Like she's going to play tennis and she's wearing something like that you would wear on the beach. I bet they'd like her down in Jamaica, huh? She grabbed that thing like she was doing a backhand. Two hands, man. You know, a two-handed backhand. Alan, how are you doing? All right. Alan, what's up? Getting a frequent list for the first time caller. All right. Thanks. I used to hear you guys on BAB. Wow. I was the guy in the Shell station. Wow, that's a long time ago. Call us. Oh, yeah. The show still rules, man. I was just wondering if they had condoms for these guys and who makes them. Happy. I would assume so. Well, you know, I had a really great time. Well, Friday. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. You want to know something funny? As far as a guy's point of view, have you ever seen the Jamaican women? No. There's nothing to boast about, brother. I haven't been down there. There's nothing to boast about. What up? Did you get any? What? Did you get any? No, not at all. Well, thank you, Ronnie. No case, man. Okay, guys. Adios. Adios. How can we white people play naked Twister when the special Jamaican dial lands on foot long schlong on blue? I'm in Jersey on the beach. I see two footprints with a groove down the middle. Looks like a Komodo dragon's been walking down the beach. No, that's Dexter. Whoa. Dexter, it's time. Man. Okay, horrific. Okay, horrific as well. Oh, D. What up, man? What's up? What's up? My name's Jamaican Mike, man. Hey, what up, Mordy? What do you feel like? Everything all right, man. How are you? Everything's all right, man? Yeah. All right, yeah. How's it going? Anthony? Opie? Yeah. Those schlongs are not long enough for me. You keep on talking about schlongs. Yeah. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to play schlongs. What are you talking about? Hey, hey, Dominican men, we also have a reputation for having a good size unit, B. Oh, please. Yeah. Yeah, man. Did you see? It's all in the C-A-N, Dominican, Jamaican, because we can't get the job done, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A ton of people have stories about the eight ball, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, Mike. Hey. Mike, Mike, it'll be three times. Alright, hold me, alright? Alright, baby. Alright. I'm sorry. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. Oh, yeah. Whew. Going to Jamaica is like going into the hole in the show, Shackled Tension. Bergesek and in defense from what old birdie said American you dumb ass Hey, what happened with the Ileon ruling? He's gonna stay in I'm gonna stay that on the news right now. Let me say the Ileon to stay in us for at least three more weeks Blah blah blah. That's the latest on that Patrick Swayze survives plane crash Wow, really? He's flying some twin-engine Cessna and Kind of crashed it on the dirt roads just started walking away Tough guy They kind of found him down the road fine Trying to jump start his career and show him ghost. I think you know something that sounds like you know Hey, if I crash a plane, I'll get some press And I think it's time to play what did we learn on the ONA show today? I think we had quite the educational program today. Yeah between Certain ways to fix a dance and scratches on vehicles To sending your girl to Jamaica and what she can expect that Anna Kornikova Gary glitter or a Larry Brilliante, there's just been so many things today Yeah Tommy from Fairlawn you're sick bastard. I learned today that if I let my woman go to Jamaica I'm gonna see the Grand Canyon. Yeah Yodeling a little early. What did I learn today? I learned never to get into a Jamaican prison insert butt sex sound by here That's Bad as an autobody MacGyver and air Jamaican planes are painted brown with veins on them All right, we'll take a break I Will go right to the phones next you guys are on fire today. We'll keep that going. We'll be back We had guys lifting stuff with their units Daddy you've got to get our membrane vaginal seal back up Oh Guys come in that enjoy getting kicked in the neck You really don't know where the Ivory has reloaded Just over a people be a dopey-ass show Oh Don't be asked who could forget ivory in the eggs Yeah, that's a great one. Another brilliant moment in Sophie and Anthony radio history great moments in sports Yes, it was it's the most interactive radio show in America Anthony Our listeners a huge part of this radio show What thanks you're making Mike for stopping by today. Yeah, he jumped start at this damn show today I'll be honest after the after that a bomb thing yesterday. Yeah, I packed my bags. I'm like I Didn't prepare for today Four or five newspapers magazines the works. I had no clue what was going on when it came to work today I'm like, there's no way we're going we're gonna be on the radio today There's no way we for sure thought they were gonna pull the plug at least for a couple of days And to our surprise they did not and we had a light pull something out of our you know What so hey to make a mic from downstairs? Come on up There was a fun show I gotta say Alright, and it's time to play. What did we learn on the ONA show today? Two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven lots of gradients and feedback coming in Matt from Jersey What I learned having sex with a Jamaican guy is like doing the goalpost a giant stadium Effing moron checking in from Jersey. I like when you guys use like nicknames and stuff much better than Tom from Jersey Yeah, today. I learned body work can be done with a paintbrush roll of tape and hardware store paint Fits from a Staten Island what I learned I'm not making me Jamaica mistake When my girlfriend goes on vacation the bitch is going to Williamsburg, Virginia She can whoop it up watching a reenactment of the Revolutionary War I Think we just ruined tourism Running down there law from Jersey learned that Jamaican's junk causes more damage than an a bomb Joe from Jersey I learned there are there are six more words. I haven't seen on TV Yeah, six to go Anthony what I learned if you're going to drop an a bomb on live TV Better bring a big jar of Vaseline and a doughnut cushion to work the next day Tom from the Bronx I learned that when JFK were shot spas could have fixed him with makeup and let's go yeah Great Matt from Jersey where I learned opiate is man boobs will soon be waiting tables at Hooters Left too hard Blondie Poor rethink got a blonde hair. What's that about? Can you know you know you're going lighter? You know you're going lighter Santiago from the Bronx to learn that black girl has a gash on his head and Jimmy super fly snook is Jamaican. It's all good brother Look at that panty shot I do have to think right there's has to be a million pictures of anaconda I've seen hundreds of anaconda Colby shots today And a lot of them. I've never seen before what website then you should plug that If you heard that the background yeah, I learned that he can fix $2,000 with a car damage with Black paint a paintbrush you take was it already a paintbrush any over there it Let's say I learned I need a penis enlargement But in on the instant feedback for now, there's a lot of people thought we did more than just a Jamaican thing guys today Tracy what's up? Hey? I learned that um You guys are the official tour company for Jamaica when can I book my next flight? Oh, you're ready to go I want to go all right. Thank you. Bye Let's go to town women down there in droves aren't we? Justin yeah, I learned forget the wild stickers. I want my see you next Tuesday sticker. Yeah, right yeah come on guys Right to one day All right, oh you did well yeah, thanks all right. I love the show indication if I'll ever get played. Thank you Adam you're there hi hi Adam. I learned by the time I'm 18. I want to go to hedonism And I want to play naked on Flickter and I want to be the only guy on the plane flipper. Thank you of course Tom what's going on? All right today. I learned that you make a man laugh at me Yeah, yeah indication when the ocean twins hit menopause Wow come on now all right you guys are going yeah, you're right All right take care boys. What are we three years? for Legal threesome with the awesome friends for you there for the 16th yeah 17 a during the Sun right something like that lizard from Wata I learned that you're making can drive better with these Jones been spaz Ken with his hands I learned it. Oh my God Tim from Beth page I learned that if I let my girlfriend go on vacation to Jamaica I might as well get used to sticking my junk into a warm jar of mayonnaise I think it is crazy Let's go to Dennis Get it. Hey. What's up, man? Hey? Hey listen. I learned something very important today Yeah, that's our senior trip my wife did not go back to Jamaica for our class reunion. No No, man, hey listen Indication Alright, thank you Andre Guys Okay, it's all good right Look he's brought more to the table in one day than Earl did in two years Deadhead in Brooklyn, I hope he I learned that I'm going to China for my vacation Jamaica Yeah Yeah, we could go to China and look huge. We'll feel like we're Jamaican Make us look a stupid Rob yeah, what did you learn today? I learned that all Jamaican guys have three arms Enough on the Jamaican stuff We did five hours of radio today, we did one hour in the Jamaican bag wait Hey wait, how you doing? Good? What did you learn today? I learned today that I've got driving lessons from Apple tours Very good. All right. Now that's someone who's thinking good job. Yeah, I learned Patrick Swayze is the spaz of the sky White camel tail from raw leg I learned that penis is measurement of length down in Jamaica Hey, we trade you for Earl You come up here Oh, yeah, I'd do that in the second I'd make that trade It's an easy trade. We'll throw in a spaz Black girl in a spaz with Jamaican Mike, what do you say? Keep them jersey I learned that Anthony now has a French stalker Oh Let's go to Nick Nick, what did you learn on the show today? Nick Hey, hey, come on you yo you bring it on bring it on you listening Jane what did you learn on the show today? I learned today that the Jamaican bouts that he could never win in the Olympics because their chunk could fit Dragon behind Big one from Union, New Jersey, I've learned that if I needed divorce just send her to Jamaica I think we're just about done Yeah, a lot of people a boy there on that Jamaica thing, huh? I'm trying to get someone that has something else but Let's see what that has Matt Matt yeah, what did you learn today? Maybe with a little stuffy and a little paint maybe we could pick up a brain We have to take off the skull so it's not the interview with my poopy hair I'm gonna get it in it cannot happen. No, yeah Thank you, Matt. Good night. Hey, where's fast? We got to see what his weekend reviews gonna be all about tomorrow a little preview preview of spaz as we can review on Thursday It's bad As you ignorance will get in here Fast Mars your big day spaz as we can review. We look forward to It I Really can't tell you what's about my head It's been a lot been doing a lot this week and I have it in top of my head It's just I can't so basically you haven't you haven't I've had yet I have to give me give me one one subject one subject one story You can't can't remember a this is your big you do one on air thing a week that you plan for this show And you can't remember one subject I know I have a written down driving habits of the My god, it sounds like you know them and all of a sudden I feel like the teachers that I used to go All right, it's at home I just busted him now, yeah listen to the next question Aren't you supposed to hate the week and review Thursday nights? I take it Friday mornings You can't remember one thing that happened in the news, you know, it's been a lot Okay, so it should be easy. I can't remember one thing From the weekend review Your face fence up. No, you have no list of things. It's a listen. I'm almost wearing I did not learn. Oh, please. What do you come to my house tonight? It's written right there Yeah, I'm gonna hop on the train for three hours to go to Slopesburg. Don't look at a list that isn't there It's a week or view you just quickly go in your head All right, what happened in the news this week that I'm gonna rip on I don't remember you talk about the release of mission impossible Good good. Yeah, okay Look live you know falling down and getting a poofy lip So that was a tough story So I believe it's probably in there believe it's probable if you wrote it down on a list you would remember I'd not like you are totally lying right now inside my house first and I'll tell you where the book is I'll be no coming to my house. It's way to God It's I'll tell you where the book is when you get there and you can go ahead of me When did you write it down how am I lying when did you write it when did you write it? I wrote it last night, and you don't remember no not one thing you wrote. Oh, I have a short-term memory Set short Man you're totally lying. I'm not like how am I lying if I get to you You could prove it to us by saying the one you wrote down last night now The listeners are writing on the screen that they're not gonna listen tomorrow because you're not prepared. Yeah, I am prepared I'm not gonna listen tomorrow to spaz Come to my house you go ahead and me as bad as retarded. Thank you spanky in line seven spaz is an idiot That is a little bit anything about the shooting at Wendy's How do you not remember what you wrote down last night? I'm not lying Yeah, it's part of the news I'm not lying that part you should are you talking about the a bomb in my house you can talk about the a bomb I'm going ahead of you. So we the book is I'm not lying come to my house then Why don't you call me on it? Call me? I think I'm a Slowsburg to see if you are the piece of paper if we left at 7 ok 8 9 10 11 12 1 in the morning we get home Okay, but fine if you don't want to do I can prove it to you and I can prove it to you But you're not gonna call me on it. So then don't say anything because I'm Don't start getting defensive man because you know You know something no, we're not coming to my house to show you that it's written down in the book in my bed I can tell you what I wrote down a year ago I just go ahead of me and I'll be right there call you on it He talks like like he's calling us and we're not messing up. No, make sure you get this straight We're not the ones that aren't messing up by coming to your house. You're not messing up by not knowing what you wrote We'll call you on it you can stay in the city tonight have Erica bring the list and show us first, okay I got a submission to stay in the city. Oh my god. He doesn't have any money left All right, whatever No liar liar pants on fire liar liar pants on fire perfect example why I love that kid man Did you see him just totally like getting defensive and then like like calling us out Like you won't come to my house see now you are in cup. So I'm not going to Sloan's first You don't have the goddamn list We gotta get out of here to make it Mike, thank you so much for saving our show today We get like Puerto Rican Steve from the garage for tomorrow show we might need a Or hot be Bill Other guys want to come on up tomorrow. I swear to God as you watch the cars being parked down there It's like it's a small world The different nationalities just driving around amazing. I love it I made one of the brothers laugh when I used to drive into the city And I it was Anthony I would add we're still driving together. I go yo you got some shadow Yeah, I got a guy go. Yes and shadow and the brothers Like you were from Mars laughing so hard We got to get out of here tomorrow's FU Friday, Paul is sure coming in tomorrow. Oh my god, really and I think Adam's coming in mom and for our and for our My pal and we might do a stoner spelling bee tomorrow. Oh, is that doing a stupid spelling bee on ESPN? I saw that all day. Yeah, that was the action pack on ESPN since when is that close to be on ESPN? I don't know. They're running out of sports. I guess All right, we'll talk to you guys tomorrow bar down to Mike next You jackass Oh be an Anthony to ignorant jackasses if someone was brain dead enough to give a radio show You