 Powered by Opie & Anthony. Owned by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027 WNEW, New New New York. It's Friday! Friday! Friday! Yeah! Wow. 212-757-1027 is our phone number. It's FU Friday. What's up, man? Not much, Anthony. Well, actually, a lot's up, Anthony. What am I saying? We got a lot to do today, don't we? Very, very busy day. A news crew has arrived. Yes. Three guys have arrived that are going to eat rats today. We're waiting for the rats. We're waiting for the chefs. It's going to be a sick show today, man. Rat eating. Rat eating. Rat eating on the O&H show today. Goddamn. We're going to have the big fat live rats. We got a couple of chefs that are going to prepare them a couple of different ways. I know there's a lemon herb type rat dish that one of the chefs want to make and a rat marsala perhaps. And the French chef has something special planned. He is. Very special. He does. It's going to be very exciting. It's starting to shape up. Yeah. It's going to be a while. I think we officially eat rat around five o'clock. But I mean, the festivities leading up to that are going to be great because we got to worry about the live rats that are showing up. Yeah, because, well, the French chef says that you just have to snap their little necks to cook them. Yeah. And I don't know if I want to be around for that. I don't want to see that. No, no, but he seems fine with it. He seems totally fine with it. He says that's the best way to go about this, Anthony. Yeah, yeah. You have to get fresh rat. Fresh rat. You don't want the frozen stuff. And then you snap their neck. And then you rip the skin off. Yeah, you've got to skin it. He said much like a rabbit. Your skin, the rat, the skin peels off like a glove. Yeah. And then you gut the rat without piercing any of the vital organs because that could ruin the delicious rat meat. Mm-mm. But you're not getting me near any rat meat. No. I shan't be eating rat meat. I was up last night thinking about this saying, God, you know, what if it smells good? Like, no, now think of it. It is meat. It is indeed meat. And done by a chef in some nice sauce, it could actually smell pretty good. I picked the wrong day to eat sushi is all I have to say. I was eating sushi in the back office going, man, you know, I ate roast beef. Maybe I should have went for the burger today. Yeah. As long as the rat is done in a marronade, I don't see how it could taste bad. I'm just worried about how untasted that is. I'm just worried about the smell when the cooks get going. That's it. That could get us a little nauseated. It's freaking me out. Before any of the sauces are laid down or anything, they must brown it. Mm-hmm. And that's going to let off some smoke and what you'll be smelling is just burning rat flesh. Correct. And the people around you have to eat it. I mean, you couldn't get me near rat meat. No, no, no. I don't care. Well, we have the Channel 2 news crew in the studio today filming. Psycho Mark's trying to get a wow sign on TV. Psycho Mark, it's in our studio. You don't have to worry about it. Relax, all right? I saw a news clip last night. The guy, I swear, was two stories above the street on top. I think he was doing the remote from a cherry picker. Yeah. He would not get on the street anymore. No. Horrified. Yeah. So we have the rats. They're on their way? Supposedly. Yeah. What's the update, Rick? I just talked to one of the rat guys. They're on the train heading in right now. He's got three rats with him. Three big fat rats. Three nice. So they're looking at five pounders? No, that's too big, dude. What, yeah? Five pounds would be like 50. Well, how big are they? They're like one to two pounds. One to two pounders. About the, let's say, from the fingertips to the wrist. Yeah. All right. And you know it takes a lot to skeeve me out. Yeah. I'm like, I mean, my threshold is better than yours. You've met it? Yeah, I've met it today. I'm starting to get like just nauseous inside. I just don't want to really get into the killing aspect of it. Once it's done and skinned and just looks like little pieces of beef, I won't have much of a problem with it, aside from the smell, because you know you'll be smelling rat. I'm getting queasy, but I'm going to check it out from the beginning to the end. Oh, yeah. I don't know. The images of rat homicide may stick in your head through the whole night. I don't think you'll be able to sleep. Little rats. We're looking forward to it, though. Well, Rick, how many rat eaters we have? Three? So far, we have two that have showed up. Who was the other guy there? Oh, no, we got like six coming down. Six guys coming down to eat rat. I hope we have enough rat to go around. I hope they're not fighting over their rat, their portions of rat. All right, so we have that going on today. We got like nice six good-sized rats on the way down. Oh, my God, man. Damn. Good. Plenty of rat. Are we taking digital pictures for the website and all that? We got pictures. We got the spaz cam ready to be activated. The spaz cam blows, though. Yeah, that's primitive technology. We just got to make sure we get a lot of digital pictures for the site. We got pictures, video, and then put it up on the website. Yeah, yeah, the unofficial Steve is coming down the videotape. Also, we got entertainment on the way, Anthony, for the rat eating. What do we have? A very funny man, Brian Regan, one of my favorites. He's playing Rascals in West Orange tonight. I'm telling you right now, call... I know he's not a member of PETA. I'm praying. Why don't we put the rat in PETA bread? Can we do that? Yeah, we can do that. That's kind of an ironic thing, wouldn't you say? Uh... PETA bread. We could do that. But Brian Regan, let me tell you something. I'm telling you right now, if you have nothing to do tonight or this weekend, I'm not sure how many shows he's doing, call Rascals in West Orange right now. Get your tickets. I'm going to guarantee you're going to laugh your ass off. Yeah. I'm going to guarantee that. One of the funniest guys out there right now. I guarantee... Side... You're going to laugh your ass off. Side-splitting laughter. Mm-hmm. Side-splitting. Unless you're on heroin like Amy, and then, you know, you'll just be kind of nodding off in the back of the room while Brian Regan is entertaining everyone. But he should be here around 4 o'clock, and just when everything starts heating up with the rat cooking. We got another chef on the line, Don. Don, what's going on? Hey, guys. Man, I'm a chef. And there's no way that this is going to taste good. Why not? Because it's freaking vermin. And I don't know where you got this French chef. Yeah. He must be a Louis-Ephel chef, because they're the only freaking people who eat that crap. Well, we're going to have a competition. We got three chefs coming down to prepare the rat, you know? It's a ready-to-sit cook rat. I'll tell you, I went to the Illinois Institute of America. Yeah. I got trained by some of the great French chefs. And there's no way in hell that this guy is a real legit chef, because there's no way he cooked this up. Well, he'll cook it up like he would any other meat, and see what it tastes like. I realize that, but come on now. It's a freaking rat. It's vermin. You don't eat that. How would you prepare a rat, sir? How would I prepare a rat? Yeah. I wouldn't, but if I were, I'd probably have to skin it, kill it, skin it, brown it. And then think of a lovely, I don't even know, a lovely sauce to go with it. What type of presentation would you use for rat? How would you? Oh, I'd keep the head definitely, and plant that son of a bitch right on the freaking plate. You might as well, when you plate it. I'd plate it with little paws, you know, sticking out at the front of the plate. Yeah, we need... And it's freaking head right in the middle. Right. And a little tail garnish. Yeah, we need the chef to have a little creativity and a little sense of humor. I want to see the rat head on the plate. Oh, the rat head's got to be on the plate. You got to have the tail there, too, for the whole ambiance. And a little garnish. Absolutely, guys. All right, Don. You guys suck. Thank you. Later. Bye. Let's go to Charlie. Hey, Charlie, what's going on? Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. Listen, I'm taking book. Seventy-five dollars says Opie torches his cookies first. Yeah. You know something? I know Opie well enough to know that looking at a rat being killed is going to freak you out. I have a pretty strong threshold, though. There are things I could check out that you can't. Listen, I remember an incident with a little pinky vice. Yeah, I was into that. The pinkies were like... You were gagging. We all were. We all... You were gagging at the pinky. Yeah. We had a guy... Because, I mean, we have a lot of brand new listeners. We had a guy for a trip to Hawaii come down here and eat not one, but I think four or five live pinky mice. And I think that's worse than what's going to go on here today. Yeah. Because I think when it's cooked and prepared and a professional chef making a sauce for it, I think that's better than eating the organs and everything else. Can I explain something to you, though? Please try. Listen, when they chop the head off of this thing, and this thing is running around bleeding headless, you can't curse. Don't use that as a word. I mean, the curse is cool for the two people here in the studio. No one cares about the outside. The S is using out of them. Yeah. Okay. You're going to be hurling. I hope they bring some sharp cutlery. So it's not like a chore to behead this thing. Who will be the first to puke? I would like to place a wager. I will not be the first to puke. I may puke, but I guarantee I'm not the first one. First of all, Spaz is going to puke first. That's my bet. Okay. That's my bet. Spaz is going to puke first, but just from watching him puke, then you're yacking. Yeah, that happened one other time. Without a doubt. When he was drinking his own toilet water. Yeah, when you smell his puke, you're all going. All right. Well, thank you, Charlie. No problem. Now they're taking bets out there, Ann. And more chefs checking in, saying how it should be prepared. And the chef doesn't know what he's doing, because rat meat would be very tough, unless it's cooked in a moist heat method, braising or stewing. Well, I don't know. I think he's going to chop it up into strips, brown it. Who's going to get the drumstick? The little drumstick. The cute little rat drumstick. Yeah. I hear a lot of people out there, Rick. What's going on? Yeah, some more people have arrived. More people have arrived. They're filling out the paperwork. They're getting their shirts on. Nice. You know, stuff like that. So things are rolling. Yeah, it is. All right, man. I just want the rats and chefs to arrive, please. Where are the chefs at this point? I guess the chefs should be here within the next 15 to 20 minutes. OK. Plus the wine guy, plus, you know. Yes, we have a wine guy coming down that's going to have a couple of wines that are appropriate with rat. I think we need some type of dessert. What kind of dessert would you have with rat? Maybe cheesecake. That'd be nice. Maybe some cheesecake. Sort of a cheese tie-in thing with the rat. Yeah. A sorbet. I don't know. What is this, a little circus? What the hell? It's a monkey brain. This guy's whispering, disgusting. John, what's up? Yeah. We just got to meet. I want to diverge from this. We just captured you going, disgusting. Everyone heard. Cool. What's up? Listen, did you see the HBO shock video special they had on last night? No, I missed it. Well, they have all these shows from Europe and Australia. Like live porn. Yeah. From prime time. Makes us look like a bunch of prudes in this country. OK, terrific. Don't get upset, Opie. He didn't care what we had to say. He wanted to get on the radio and say what he wanted. Conversations work best when you ask a question that the other person gets to answer. That's kind of fun. Yeah. That's called a conversation. Yeah. It's beyond him. Yeah. I didn't even hear what he said. I was going to say, and I spent the whole damn night watching that damn Devils game. Oh, yeah. Even though I'm not even a Devils fan, but I got hooked in. Everyone's crying that no one's paying attention to hockey, and no one's paying attention to the Devils, and come on, it's a tri-state team, and they're like on the brink of the Stanley Cup. I'll tell you, no one cares. No, I'll tell you one reason why people don't care in general. It's June and we're still playing hockey. Right. That's one reason, but I got to tell you, if it was the Rangers or the Islanders. Oh, there'd be a little... The Islanders. No, you can't even say the Islanders. If it was the Rangers, this city would be losing their minds. Islanders, it would be just like they're handling it with the Devils. No, I don't think so. Oh, without a doubt. Dude, no way. No way. If it was the Islanders, there would be a huge hoopla. No one considers the Devils... The Devils have a lot of passionate fans. I know they do, and I'm not putting them down, but it's not as if they are the Rangers or the Islanders as far as New York media picking up on it and people really getting all psyched for this. We don't even know because the Islanders haven't even been close in like 15 years. Drive for five. But I got hooked into that damn game and ended at like 1.30 in the morning. Yeah. Triple OT. It's insane. I was watching the MTV Movie Awards. Yeah, blow it off. Which soft-hawked. So bad. So friggin' bad. They had that Sarah Jessica Parker hosting. She was horrible. Ruth Buzzy in a dress. She... Our face is looking like Ruth Buzzy. And she's like parading around. She kept doing costume changes every like five minutes, you know? She'd come out in a new dress and she's showing off like she's all hot and everything. But you know... She used to be hot. Exactly. In LA Story and a few years after that. Her boobage was getting like all flat and like... It just wasn't working for me. The last few years have not been kind to Sarah Jessica Parker. Not working for me. And then everybody that was there, like all the big celebrities that show up for the MTV Movie Awards, they're just there to hawk their movies. That's all. They had Samuel Jackson talking about Shaft. He's wearing a Shaft hat. He's up there, Shaft this, Shaft that. M.R.F. for they had to bleep every other word he said. And then they had... What's his face there? It's in Patriot. Who's that? Oh, Mel Gibson. Yeah, Mel Gibson. Yeah, Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson. On first name basis with him. Mel. Yeah, Mel. Mel. Mel-y Mel. They had him because he's got a movie coming out. It's all a bunch of crap. Anybody that didn't have a movie coming out wasn't going to do the movie award. And it was obvious. They were just there to hawk their movies. There were no highlights at all? Nothing. It was boring as hell. Boring. Adam Sandler came out and read a little acceptance thing like... that was written from the kid from Big Dad. And that was mildly amusing until it really started going too long. He always goes too long on those award shows. That was it. Like that was the highlight if you can even call it that. Who do we have on the line? Hey, hey, you want to talk about the MTV Video Awards? Yeah, bro. Oh, very good. Now he's listening. Buddy, dude, this thing sucked. It was so bad. I know. I mean, I thought the South Park skit would save it. It sucked too. Yeah, it was kind of funny when the Gladiator killed Kenny. And they're like, wait a minute, he heard her. Yeah, and Timmy was in there. Tim-ah. Oh, really? They really tried to play that Sarah Jessica Parker thing off like it was going to be funny. She was so bad and she can't talk like naturally. It was obvious that she's reading from cue cards. And the MTV thing was supposed to be like the hip alternative to award shows. And they all act like it's the Oscars or something. They're reading off the teleprompters. They can't carry on a conversation with each other. It was ridiculous. The first few years of the MTV Movie Awards were pretty good. It was cool. You didn't know it was going to happen. Now it's structured like every other award show. It sucks. They think it's like, oh, we're hip. Look, the presenters come down on a slide from the back of the thing. Wow, that's cool. That's different than the Oscars. And then they step up to the podium and start giving the same long-winded, dopey-ass speeches. It used to be the anti-award show. Now it's just another award show. It's too bad. It's so hot. All right, man. Thank you. Thanks, bro. Syndication with Spazz Cone's oil. All right, cool. He's working on it. He is working on it. All right, we've got to take a break. Spazz Laboratory. Brian Rigan coming in at four. He's absolutely hilarious. He's playing rascals. I just got the info. It was a little wrong before. So tonight he's playing rascals in Ocean Township, Anthony. Two seasons ago. Tomorrow he'll be playing rascals in West Orange. Okay? Yep. You can call rascals for ticket info. All right, cool. All right, we'll talk to some of the guys that are going to be eating rat in just a bit. Yeah, Rick? Our French chef has just arrived. Ah, did he have all the equipment? The French chef has arrived. He just walked in with a box of equipment. He wants to talk next. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. All right, check his equipment. Make sure he's got the hot plate type thingy and the pans and cutlery. Actually, he's got gas. He's got gas? Yeah. All right, cool. All right, we'll talk to some of the guys that are going to be eating rat in just a bit. All right, cool. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. So if you want to talk to him next, he'll be ready. A gigantic boombox is coming down the streets. Hand me the RPG7. Cody and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. It's the O&A Show, 2127-57-1027. What a day we've got today, Anthony. Lots of fun and fine dining. Fine dining, that's what you're calling it at this point? Of course. Just like we're going to be throwing rats on a hibachi, this is going to be prepared in a way I believe rat has never been prepared before. Yeah, if you weren't listening yesterday, in honor of the CBS show Survivor, which we're really digging, we're going to have some of our listeners eat rats. I've got to think, if you're eating rat, you're probably very desperate for food, and you don't care how it's cooked. You're starving, what not, you're in a third world country. I don't think rat has ever been prepared in a way that might be palatable. Well, the coming preview for Survivor next week, they show the survivors on this TV show getting ready to eat rat. And what, are they just popping on a stick over a fire? Pretty much, they had a lighter or something and just heated the damn thing up. They don't have a French chef on the island like we have in the studio here. What's your name, man? Hi, Mark. Mark called us yesterday, Anthony, he's the French chef, and he's one of three or four chefs that will be preparing the rat today. The rat. And he's setting up everything outside the studio, very professional. He's got a little gas burner, a nice big frying pan, and various sauces, and some tomato, lemon. Croutons and everything. Croutons, yeah. He brought in some bread. Everything. It's going to be a unique dining experience. You have any ideas that you can tell us how you're going to prepare the rat? I'm going to make scallopinis. Rat scallopinis. Scallopinis, yeah. So you're going to slice it thin. I'm going to pound them. So I'm going to make them very thin. They're going to cook in two seconds. You're never going to know what it is. Yeah. Right. Wow. I don't think so. Now, the most treacherous part of this whole thing is going to be getting the rat from its little moving around live state to being prepared to be cooked. I first want to kill him, yes. How will you take care of the... I'm going to grab him from his back with couple of towels so he won't bite my hands. Right. And I'm going to put him on the side on my cutting board. I'm going to take the cleaver and I'm going to smash his head. Oh my God. Just the neck. Okay. If he's still moving, I'll give him another one. You give him another shot. Yeah. Are there any other animals that are commonly used for food that you have to do this to? Not really. Yes, the rabbits actually. You got to have them upside down from their back legs. You got to give them the hand shot behind the neck. Oh, the hand shot behind the neck. Look, karate child. Mission Impossible 2. He always works. Two. Two. Wow. Okay. So... Friendships and ponders. Talk to us. Epic brothers. You just made our day. Is that Don on the phone? Where are my rats? Right. There you go. All right. And then now to get the rat now it's dead. What do you do to it after that? Well, I empty him out first. All right. You would cut him open and then... Cut him open where the stomach is. The belly, right. All the way down to the bottom. And then... From the back. Then take out all the guts out. Oh. That's the fun part. I told you. It's getting to head finally. I just got that shiver thing. I know. I know. I know. I've had that about five times so far today. I'm going to start to cut the wrists off. Right. Just like, you know, the skin comes apart. Right. Open them up a little bit and then from the back, actually from the top to the back, just pull on it. You pull the skin down like a glove. Because they're still warm. Yeah. They're still warm so it comes right off. Oh, but when they're still warm the skin comes right off. If you wait until they get cold you have a more hard time. Right. Then you'll be plucking pieces of skin and fur. But yeah, I know. I've hunted rabbit before and when you bag them you've got to gut them and then you make a little cut around the back of the neck. Hold the head and then just pull the skin and you've got to cut around the arms and the hands and feet. And the whole thing comes off like a little rabbit suit. And I'm starting to flail around like King Jim. I can't hear any more details. I cannot hear any more details. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be fun. You'll see. We want you to decorate the plate before these guys eat the rabbit. We want maybe the round head on the plate. Maybe the tail. I'm making a nice presentation. Yeah, it's all about the presentation. Yeah, it's all about the presentation. What do you think? Very good. I'm so excited to see how he's going to prepare this. It sounds like it's going to be delicious. Oh, shut up. You're a weirdo. I wouldn't doubt it. It's an exotic meat prepared by a professional French chef in various sauces that are probably delicious. I don't care what you put on it. It's still a New York City subway rat. Let's not forget that, OK? They see that during the war. World War II. Right. And now the Civil War, the rat was very big. Do you know what rat tastes like? No. Matt, sorry. Mark. Oh, they wrote down Matt. And I said Mike and it's Mark. That's great. Here, give me a pen. No, I never ate it before. No? And you also have some frog legs out there. Yes, I brought some frog legs. Oh, but you brought some frog legs. I've had frog legs. It's just a kind of bizarre experiment. My four-assed rat frog-legged creature. Frog legs isn't that bad. They're delicious. Tastes like chicken. Exactly. A little bit. A lot of people saying the rat will taste like rabbit because they're from the... I believe it's going to be red meat. The same type of family. Yeah, yeah. I mean, any time I've seen a squished rat, it's usually red meat coming out of the open wounds. It's not like rat, the other white meat. It's more like... It's more like steak, you know? It's more like rat, what's for dinner, you know? Beef. All right. Looks like biff. All right. What kind of spices did you bring? Did we go over that? No, actually, you didn't. I brought some pepper sauce, peppercorn sauce, and some mustard sauce. Yeah, and that'll help the flavor though. Is this place going to stink like rat when this is getting cooked up? No, actually, you know like when you see off a steak, you know how it is. It's not even looked like. When you brown it, you just got to brown it, and then you'll smell like rat. And I deglaze it with some cognac. Oh, deglaze the cognac, Opie? My mouth is watering. Mine is too, but not for the same reason. And then I make my sauce with the rest, you know, the meat inside the pan. My boss donated the pan because he doesn't want to have it back. I would think that pan is probably going to just be thrown out. That would not be smart. Okay. Terrific. Who's your cooking idol, like Julia Child or something? Oh, please, none of those people. If I could find her, I would beat her over the head with a patty. And then cut her around the wrist and feet and skin her. Whoa! Hard to pull the skin over my big hunchback. I think his mentor is Ziggy. Hey, Joe, what's going on? You guys, do you know that feeling when you feel like you're going to get sick? Yeah, I've had that feeling. I'm keeping track. I'm up to six already. My lunch is coming up. It's so disgusting when he's like, he's going in this rat. Yeah. It wouldn't bother me if it was a chicken, but this is the fact that it's a rat. Oh, my God. Yeah. Just to give you an update, we've got the guys that are going to eat the rat. We have one cook. All we need is one rat to show up from the pet store, and we've got game. Oh. Do we have an update on the location of our rats? En route should be here within minutes. Okay. Well, good luck, guys. Thanks, Joe. One guy downstairs on his way up right now. We have a wine. Wait, the rat is downstairs? No, the wine guy. Oh, the wine guy. Okay. They're eagerly awaiting the arrival of the main course, the rats. Okay. Nothing about that. No, we're waiting. They'll be here. Nick, what's going on? Hey, guys. How are you doing? Great. Yeah, when I was going through China, in southern China, baby rats are actually a delicacy. They call it sweet scream. What they do is they take a rat about the size of your thumb, they dip it in a syrup, they crunch on them live. Whoa. I just think it's funny that you guys can watch videos of 90-year-old women having sex, and this is what disturbs you. Well, this is definitely disturbing me today, yes. All right, guys. Take care. All right, bye. Eesh. Sarah Jessica Parker. Hey. Hey. Who's this? You're not Sarah Jessica Parker. Oh, being Anthony. Oh, these are the fellas that were just, uh, tracking me. Are these the guys? Are you Sarah Jessica Parker? I am indeed. Now, how do you prove that? How do I prove it? I don't know. How does one prove their, um, identity with a phone? It does sound a lot like you. Oh, my God. I got to say that. Do you listen to our radio show? No, I don't. As a matter of fact, my trailer driver had it on, and I was fortunate enough to be, uh, the timing was absolutely, absolutely beautifully fortuitous for me. Sarah Jessica, I got to say, your performance on the MTV Movie Awards, fantastic. I thought you did a great job. I loved the costume changes, especially the one at the end. You're such a pussy. What? It's Sarah Jessica Parker. You don't have the balls to actually say to me what you said to your maybe limited audience. Come on, buddy. Limited audience? Come on. We have more people listening to this show than watching that Sex and the City. Really? Yeah. Are you certain about it? Positive. I watched the- What's the wait, guys? Listen, listen. I watched the- Take it easy. It's all right. You're absolutely entitled to an opinion. I just thought it'd be, I just thought maybe I'd put a human face to, uh, you know, some trash talk and I thought it would be helpful to you to actually make it less abstract and more of a person. I thought, I thought you were really hot in L.A. Story. Hello? That means the world to me. Thank you. So what do you guys do? You're DJs on the air in New York City? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're sat show hosts? Yeah, that's all we do. We're not as famous as you or anything. No. But listen- Hey, you want to come down and eat some rat? What I wanted to do, what I actually wanted to do, because I actually don't know you guys and I don't actually listen to the radio only because I don't have time, not because I'm an elitist or I think I'm above it. Why don't you come down? I simply don't listen to the radio that much. Yeah. What I thought I might do, since you've hurt my feelings so terribly and since I actually am a person with feelings, um, and you seem to have an idea about me that I'm sort of hideous and awful. What? Hold on, hold on. What can I do? Let me finish, fellas. What does she want to do? Let me have mine. All right. What I do is I would invite you to the set if you're interested in comedy. in New York City, as you know, with our tiny little audience show called Sex and the City, which is just bigger than ever. I saw the season premiere and I enjoyed the whole Staten Island thing you guys did this past week. Thank you. Well, thanks. That's big of you. Thank you. What I do is if you guys are brave enough, I thought perhaps you might want to come to the set and pay a visit and actually see that I'm not a disformed, awful-looking person. Oh my! Wait, wait, wait. I've never been one that has been accused of being spilted in her speaking. I've made numerous appearances on Letterman, Forgotten, and How Many Years. Sorry, you seemed a little stiff. Sarah. I'd hardly be accused of being a stiff person. We're just two schmucks on the radio. What does it matter what we say? Letterman. We have personal taste, that's all. I've had a daunting experience to be the host of an award show when one has not made a living nor practice of doing that. And I think that perhaps if you met me, you might actually discover that you like me and you might actually be on my side. You want to come down today? No, no, no. We have some listeners. I think you have to come here. I think that's the best you can do as men is contrived your little speech out that I said. Come to me and say hello. Oh, look, now she made me feel all bad. I know. You guys take pots off and you don't realize we're people. Now we've got you asked to do something. Would you turn would you say no? I didn't. Wait, wait, wait. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. We didn't say you were hideous or anything. Yes, you did. Not really. We just said absolutely without question inferred that. Calling me Ruth Buzzy, calling me old. I thought it was quite flattering when I said you started to look like Ruth Buzzy. You damn people aren't supposed to listen to these goddamn shows. You really think whoever you are, which ever one you are, you really think that calling somebody Ruth Buzzy is a flattering comment? You need to get out more often, my friend. It's called humor. We're just trying to have fun. You think people that heard that comment really go, oh, yeah, she's looking like Ruth Buzzy? We're heinous. We're heinous. We're heinous. I'm the American you are and so you're so lashing out but with rage. That's what it is. With rage you are. Come on, boys. Come on. We're going to set one day. We're two just, you know, radio talk show hosts. You shouldn't. Don't be scared of me. Don't be scared of me. I'm not scared. You're going to have Matthew. You're going to have Matthew punch us in the nose? Matthew was so above punching you two in the nose. He should have stopped it. We got you. Who are we? You're like a big famous Oliver star. We're just two local shock chaps. We're actually real people with feelings and they work really hard and granted, am I a flawless person? But no, do I go and fix it and become something else? I'm not. That's who I am. Can we play What's in Sarah Jessica Parker's Pants right now? It's a game we play. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. You take the phone and rub it on your most intimate areas and we guess how you're groomed. Let me ask you a question. Yes. I can't believe we got to it. I'm thinking a lot. You just made my day. Aren't you guys kind of delighted to know that when you actually trash someone that there's actually a person listening and they have to be able to cut off? I hate that. We're going to have to reevaluate the entire program now. That makes you feel like crap, doesn't it? Honestly, no it doesn't. That's easy abuse. No, Sarah, if you'll let us talk, it doesn't change my opinion at all. I don't care. We're just trying to have fun and make people laugh. We're just two local shock jocks. You're a Hollywood star and we got you. I'm not a Hollywood star. I'm a New Yorker. I've lived here my whole life. I'm a working actress. That's what I am. But I did. I did. You put me on the air and I'm not saying you're not entitled. It's the first thing I said. I just want you to know there's a person attached. Are you going to cry? No, no, no, no, no. I'm a grown woman. She won't cry. Maybe secretly we think you're really hot and we're frustrated that we can't get you. You guys want to come visit me? We can't have sex with you or something. We'll come visit you as long as you don't get us beat up or anything. No, I just want you to meet the crew and I want you to meet everybody that I work with. That's going to just be ugly. We'll get all beat up. Why not come and be in my environment? How about we meet in the middle somewhere? Neutral territory? Like Sweden? I'm starting to like you all of a sudden. Like Sweden? She's feisty. You're feisty. I like that. Well, unattractive women tend to be feisty. No, Ruth Fuzzy never gave me a boner. You do. Okay? Please, fellas, don't try to backpedal that much. No, we're not backpedaling. You're getting on a good side. I just wanted you to know that there's actually a human being connected when you guys... I know it's funny and I know it's charming and it's amusing to the listeners and I laughed at things in the past too. But I just want you to know there's a person. That's all. Opie's the mean one. I'm nice. I don't know which one's which and I sort of don't care because you guys did a tag team thing. No, you care because you called in. You care. I do care. So you just heard our voices in the background in between filming Sex and the City and went, oh my God, they're talking about me? Where were you when you heard us trashing you? We're shooting downtown on Chamber Street in the Surrogate Court building, which means I'm surrounded by authority. Right. So anyway, I have to go to the set. They call me at the set. Can we have all our listeners bring down flowers to apologize or something? I want you to bring down flowers. They didn't do anything wrong. They're just happy listeners. Trust me. I figured. Right? No, they're on our side. But I feel the same way. You feel... No, no, no, no. Someone on line nine is calling us pussies. Yeah. Oh man, Ty. You can't win. Because now we're back. Thank you for letting me call your men for listening. I appreciate it. And I'm dead serious when I say come down to the set and visit. You don't have to come today. We're shooting until mid-August. We're here in New York City. Can you hold on? Our producer will just get info. If you could just give it to somebody on that end, we'll try to figure something out. I look forward to meeting you. And I secretly do watch Sex and the City, even though I can't admit it on the radio show. It's kind of a chick show. No, it's not, man. And you are the hottest on the show. The blonde, I don't like at all. She was naked in the firehouse. She was the people I worked with. I digged her. I digged her. You're trash talking to me. I'm not going to jump on your side. No, but I'm just giving my opinions again. She was naked through that whole first episode and I wasn't feeling it. I was hoping you were going to get naked with that politician. I'll never get naked. I never have and I never will. No? It was pretty close last night on the movie awards. Why don't you get the information so I can go to set and not get fired? Okay. Alright, thanks guys. Alright, thank you. Bye. There she goes, Sarah Jessica Parker, calling in. Well, you know, she's got some balls there. She's calling up and defending herself. This show has come a long way. It used to be safe where we could trash people and it never gets back to them. Yeah, I think our audience is getting too big. We've got to leave this city. If we were in Tallahassee, no one would care. They go live to Sarah Jessica Parker. There's no way it's Sarah Jessica Parker. Sarah Jessica Parker. She's yelling at us. You should have told us you need some rest. I'm hoping you should be a little nicer next time. The scary thing? I bet you we go down there and we see her and we just go, oh my God, she's knocked out gorgeous. She's so hot. Yeah, you know. Aww. She just made us eat crow practically. Screw the rat. Yeah, I know. It's so hard to just, because everyone can call up and say, you guys are pussies. Why don't you? You know, it's one thing to say stuff on the air. It's another when they call up and call you on it to like keep going. I think we held her on though. I didn't write down too much. No, I totally pussied down. I've got to be honest with you. I don't know. I totally pussied out. I do like when her hair is down. When she pulls it back, it's not as sexy. Yeah. But we love Sex and the City, right, Ant? It's one of my favorite shows. I can't believe she heard us stressing her. Are there any other celebrities listening today? We'd love to hear from you and we'll give you our opinion on you. Yeah, and then you could rub it in our face. Right. God, we're just two dopey, like, local talk show guys. We got to like a Hollywood starlet. With our stupid opinions, Anthony. Made her feel bad. Yeah, see? And I'll go on record to say Ant and I are nothing to look at. We know that. We never sit here on the radio and say, hey, you know, GQ called and they want us for a photo shoot. But I'll tell you one thing, if MTV Movie Awards called and wanted me to host, I wouldn't be strutting around in clothes trying to look all hot. You know? You just didn't like the MTV Movie Awards and she was what, the host? She was the host, yeah. And I think, and I still said she came across as a little stiff, I'll be. Okay. Little stiff. Any other celebrities like to call up today? We'd love to talk to you. In her defense, she said that she doesn't do that by trade and she thought it would be an exciting, fun thing to do, like in hosting the MTV Movie Awards, so she did it. And who am I to say that she came off as stiff? I think all next week we dedicate the O&A show to Sarah Jessica Parker. Yes. It'll be the, we love you Sarah Jessica all week next week. Okay, we can do that. We'll get a Sky Rider. We'll put a heart up over Central Park. We'll get our listeners to send flowers to the movie. We'll get our listeners to send flowers to the movie. We'll get our listeners to send flowers down to the stairs. Send flowers. Make up some bumpers saying that this week is the Sarah Jessica Parker love tribute week. Love fest. Love fest week. Stockbroker Mike, how are you? Yeah, this is Stockbroker Mike. I'm calling to say that Stockbroker Dave was found dead yesterday. He was found naked in a hotel with a carrot in his butt, asparagus in his mouth and a Wall Street Journal under his hand. So you'll be... Yeah, he also had some Valium and some vodka. A really, really big bong. So you'll be taking over for Stockbroker Mike, Stockbroker Dave. Yeah, I'd like to offer Sarah Jessica Parker $5,000 if she had some fun with a carrot. Yeah, right. You think we could get that done? Dave, I know you want us to call you another name, but it's not happening, man. It's gotta. You're Stockbroker Dave, you idiot. It's gotta. I get fired. I guess that new job's pretty good, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Really good. I'll get fired. They already told me Stockbroker Dave is dead. Dude, how brutal was that that Sarah Jessica Parker just called us? Well, Anthony, you are a pussy. I am such a pussy. Look, I'm not even going to deny the fact. I was trying to keep the coolness of the old A-Show, but I was failing miserably, too. You did okay, Ed. You back-pedaled so goddamn fast. You know, I gotta grow some friggin' balls. I can't when I'm confronted by these people. Did it, Wendy, get that in the settlement? Yeah. Got my balls. For the love of God, if I saw her naked, I would lose it anyway. That's the guy's eyes trick. That is so friggin' cool. She's not that hideous. No, but you gotta go see her. You know she's listening right now to see what else we say. Sarah Jessica Parker, we love you. And if you want to make $5,000, Cold Stockbroker Mike, we love you. And we're going to be on Channel 2 News tonight because we have people eating rats so you get a peek of how beautiful we are. It'll definitely make yourself feel much better, okay? All right, well, Mike, Dave, whoever the hell you are, what's going on? Are you coming down today? No, I can't make it. All right. I can't make it, but people could be eating some rats today? Yeah, we might need some money from you. What do you need? Windstockbroker Mike's money. You got it, because Dave is dead. All right, man. Good luck, boys. For now on, you're Mike. Mike? No, Hawk. Hawk. It's Mike Hawk. Oh, Mike Hawk? Hawk. Hawk. What are you, deaf? That's a good one. What are you, deaf stockbroker Mike Hawk? Mike Hawk. Your full name is Michael? Yes. Yeah, Mike Hawk. Yeah, but even though you're a pussy, you're a hawk smarter than the other one. I'm such a pussy. Sarah's listening right now going, no wonder these guys will never make it across the line. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I'm such a pussy. I didn't feel bad though. If she's listening, I did. We're just trying to have fun and have some... make people laugh. How about the rat tone? Mark, what's going on? Hey guys. Hey. I heard her voice. I knew that was her right away. I felt guilty, man, for laughing at what you guys were saying. I was like, holy mackerel. I know. It's very rare someone calls us out on something and I'm like, there's no way that Sarah Jessica Parker will take time out of her busy day. She just hosted the movie awards even though they taped that a while ago, but I'm sure she's doing press, post press, she's still with Sex and the City. I'm like, there's no way she has time to call up because two wacky DJs in New York said something bad about her. It's like telling your buddy you're with this chick and all of a sudden she walks in her room and you're like, oh. We just got snagged. We got snagged. I love you guys. Take care. Have a great weekend. Bye. We were called out and I for one folded. I folded. I hate that. We're not supposed to be real people. They're just cag. Whatever. Pete. Yeah, you guys are such pussies. Ripping over your own tampon strings as you're backpedaling. You two little women. I got a good idea. The next Sex and the City, maybe they can have all the girls bend you guys over and just rape the hell out of you women. We'll be violated with strap-on devices on Sex and the City. Sex and the City has become one of our favorite shows right behind Survivor. What a mess. They're not supposed to call. There's no way a lady is going to imitate Sarah Jessica Parker well. I could tell by the voice. Chris, what's going on? How are you doing? I think next week's dedication should be called, hey Sarah Jessica Parker, why the long face? Easy. Where are the rats, man? Wait, wait, wait. Rick just had a, did you talk to her or did she put you on with someone else? First I got an earful from her. What did she say to you on the phone after we hung up with her? She asked if I was proud to be working for you guys. Oh, God, see. And I had to admit that no I wasn't, not at that particular moment. Oh, you're a pussy too. Look at you. Hey, I learned from you guys. Oh, we got off on the wrong foot with Sarah Jessica Parker. Now we're going to have to make it up to her. So yeah, I'm going to try and get something set up next week and if that goes well, she said she would come in. Yeah, I'll be honest. I don't have the balls to go down to the set of Sex and the City and meet her and confide in me. Oh, have a bunch of hot chicks laughing at us. Yeah, that's not emasculating. Because we never claimed to be freaking, you know, models or anything. Oh, no. And you know Matthew's going to be there. He's going to try to punch us in the nose because we trashed his woman. Dude, can we get a couple of like GQ model guys to go down there as Opie and Anthony? Come on. Come on. That's perfect. Opie dressed to the nines and stuff. Welcome. Hello. I'm Opie. I'm Anthony. How are you? Sarah Jessica. And I do want to say first, Bueller, one of my favorite movies of all time. I'm going to just start kissing ass like crazy now. I love that one. War Games. What a movie. Was she cool by the time you hung up with her? No, she was still pretty hot on the couch. Oh, no. See. And then I caught an earful from the publicist. What did the publicist say? She's like, you know, you guys don't even know her to be talking that way. I'm like, look, honey, your preach is converted. I go, I didn't say anything. Well, you might as well have. And she just gave me an earful. All right. So thanks. OK. Well, we got to take a break. Oh, by the way, our first and only female rat eater is here. All right, cool. It's getting really busy. We got CBS News here. They're filming the festivities. I want rat. They're out cooking, god damn it. He's got to go. We got Brian Regan. He's in next. All right. Let's talk to Brian Regan next. We got to take a break, Anthony. OK. All right. OK. And Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Shrewsbury Bicycles in New Jersey. Excuse me. Shrewsbury Bicycles is New Jersey's premier bicycle shop. They're back advertising with our show. Very good. Yeah. They gave me a bike last year and I love it. I ride it all the goddamn time. Me too. No, you don't. You don't even know where yours is. Oh, no, you did get that out of the house, right? With the computer? Well, I have a unicycle now. Yeah. I had to give the front wheel and half the frame. No, your bicycle is pretty much a coat rack in your house right now. That damn thing, which was a state of the art mountain bike. K2. Has never hit the road. No. It hasn't in its pristine state. It's wonderful. Got to say hi to Scott the owner. He's an absolute lunatic. Yeah. He gave us the bikes last year and I got to say I'm loving it. Well, bicycle season right here now. Choose from over 500 bicycles on display. Take your bike home. There's no wait time. None. It's great. Before you commit, test your new bike in Shrewsbury's exclusive test ride park. We've seen this thing. It's got like a whole bike track behind the place. You can check the bike out, see how it really rides so you don't get it home and go, oh, geez, why did I get this? They feature Trek, Schwinn, K2, Raleigh and offer a personal service. They make sure your bike is fit right. They take time. They adjust the bike to you personally. They want your business. Every Saturday, Shrewsbury offers free shuttle service to and from the Manhattan Ferry. How about that? Take the Pier 11 of East 30 Fourth Street Ferry to Atlantic Highlands. An enjoyable 45-minute boat ride to pick up your new bicycle and take it back to Manhattan with you. Call them 732-741-2799 and make arrangements. Okay? For more info and details, check out the website at shrewsburybicycles.com or give them a call, 732-741-2799, Shrewsbury Bicycles. All right. Remember, whether the bicycle is for you or your children, Shrewsbury Bicycle has the expertise and experience to give you the best value and best bicycle to fit your needs. Call Shrewsbury at 732-741-2799. I want to also say hi to all the guys in the shop. They listen every day. Okay, Anthony? Shrewsbury Bicycles. Powered by Opie and Anthony. Owned by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027-WNEW. All right, Anthony. We got so much going on today on the show. We just got distracted for the last 20 minutes because we had Sarah Jessica Parker pretty much screaming, not screaming, but lambasting on here. That's cool. I give her a lot of credit. We say crap all the time. We don't realize that the people may be listening. Yeah, they're all they do on listening. Also, let's get a rat update real fast before we get Brian Regan in here. Oh, those mics on? We already put the Sex and the City little advertisement on our studio door. Where are the rats? They're on the way. I just had a call from a guy on the subway. He's getting on the subway, should be here in a minute. I wonder if he's got a little walk-in or something. Is he monitoring the program? I have no idea. Maybe you should call us. Call up. We're getting a little worried. Well, if he's on the subway, he won't be able to hear us. We're still ahead of schedule, though. Who is that? Are you okay? What the hell is that? What is that? Our phone's just coughed. Oh, all right. We're still ahead of schedule, though. We don't want the rat eating to happen until about 5 o'clock. We got the rat eaters. We got one of the chefs so far. One of the chefs. He's prepping stuff right now. He's prepping? Some tomatoes and stuff. All right. The wine guy is here. The wine guy is here. Very nice. I saw the chef, the French chef. He's cutting up the tomatoes into lovely little rosettes. And he made a wonderful basket out of a lemon that he's going to put the rat head in. For a little, you know, I guess it's a little ambiance to his dish. And Channel 2 News left the building. We got bumped for a story on the West Nile virus. Yeah, they were taping. I think there's an outbreak of the West Nile virus or something. The giant mosquito that Spaz was talking about months ago? Yeah. Yeah, I guess it bit somebody and now they're getting the West Nile virus. So they're like, screw rat eating on the O&A show. We got to get out to Queens. Where the hell are we? The Amazon? He's got to leave a rat eating story to go to some deadly mosquito virus story. Next cannibalism. I know. Quick, pack up the camera. We got pygmies eating people. So I don't know if we'll get any coverage on Channel 2 today or whatever, but that's all right. We got to say hi to Brian Riggett. He wanted to just cluster. It's pretty crowded out there today. I checked in upstairs, you know, at the reception desk and said, yeah, I'm here. I'm supposed to be on the Opie and Anthony show. And some guy ran up and said, are you a rat eater? I don't know. Is there a new format or something? Whatever I got to do to get in there. Rat eater. Whatever I got to do to plug my shows. Sure, I'm a rat eater. You're mistaken for a rat eater. That's pretty impressive. You never know what's going to go on on this damn show. I got a bone to pick with you guys. You prepared my comedy to the comedy of Ruth Buzzi? No, you're getting very confused today, Brian. Brian, you're listening with half an ear or something. I don't know what's going on. I'm not here dealing with the rat thing. We were comparing the Ruth Buzzi talk. We were comparing your comedy to that of Sarah Jessica Parker. Oh, I see. Yeah, you heard that. She kind of called up. Well, that's courageous of her. It really was. You know, most of them have their publicists or something call up or file a lawsuit or something. You know, Bert actually picked the phone up and gave us a pitching of our own. I almost feel like I'm obligated to a date her now. We've already gotten the yelling at me part of it over. It's like you get caught doing something in school. You had to go down to the principal. Yeah. It's like, oh, man, there are repercussions here. Sarah Jessica Parker's on the phone to yell at you. Why? How did that happen? I don't know how we ever reached that point. Oh, good. We got the sex in the city. OK, take a look. There we go. Who wrote? She's not saying eat me. Who wrote that? Yeah, those things are all over the buses and stuff. Although the Empire State Building on her dress, it's a phallic thing, isn't it? Of course it is. Like she's got the Empire State Building on her dress right between her legs, and it just looks like a giant schwaum. And a place for a TF if you really look at it. Yeah. And isn't that show just about effing the whole time? Yeah. I mean, that's it. The girls that just talk about effing. She says it's not a chick show. It's big time a chick show. It's so a chick show. I did check it out this past, when was it on, Sam? Sunday. Sunday. Here's a way to say if it's a chick show or not. A bunch of guys hanging around the house are going to go, hey, turn on Sex in the City. I want to see that. Yeah, I get it confused sometimes. Like up next on HBO, Sex in the City. I'm like, oh, real sex? Yeah. Oh, no, it's that Sex in the City show. I'll watch Real Sex. That show's kind of cool. But now I'm going to have to watch Sex in the City. I've got to put a true face to who was yelling at us today. All right. We've got to get back on track here, Brian. I apologize. It's not every day that a Hollywood star yells at us. We're regrouping here. Where are you going to be? He's going to be at Rascals, Anthony. Tonight, Rascals Township. Two shows, 8 o'clock and 10.30. Tomorrow, West Orange Rascals, 8 and 10.30. I'm definitely going. He's one of the funniest guys out there. We have that. Call now because these tickets will go fast. You saw him for the first time at Caroline's last time. Oh, my God. I swear. I think I busted a bladder or something. I was urinating blood after I saw Brian Regan. Consult your doctor before you buy tickets. Yeah, you wake up the next day and your ribs hurt. It's very flattering, guys. Very funny. Very funny, man. We were quoting you yesterday because that kid right there, Spaz, with the poofy hair, he had a theory on the sun. So we just started yelling out, the big yellow one is the sun. The yellow one. The yellow one is the sun. Brian, Spaz, grab a mic. Hey, man. How's it going? Good. How are you doing? Good. Good. That's the guy I wanted to know about, I was here to eat a rat. Say he's really got problems. I'm confused about it. Brian's like, can I eat a rat instead of talking to this kid? I had a theory. Oh, my God. Tell Brian your theory on the sun, what it actually is in the sky. Okay. Okay. As opposed to what everyone else thinks. Okay. As opposed to the general consensus of it being a ball of fire, you've got an alternate theory. Yeah. All right. Okay. See, last night there were some particles in the sky that radiated from the sun. So basically, to start from the beginning, the sun is just a big flaming rock. Right. It's really huge. No, rock! Okay. So basically what happened was there was a pressurized self-implosion within the sun, and so this array of particles came out. Now I told the guys that we would not be affected because in outer space the particles would freeze up, thus becoming condensed into a solid state. And when it comes to the Earth's atmosphere, it would burn up, turning into either gaseous or liquid state depending on the size of the particle. Can you effing believe this? It's so weird. I was thinking the same exact thing when I was coming in today. I'm going, I'm wondering if that was a self-implosion. A self-implosion? A pressurized self-implosion as opposed to, hey, it's just hot. A pressurized self-implosion there. You know what's weird? It's like ten years from now he's going to be like the Harold that is the best scientist and they're going to replay this tape of the three of us. Yeah! Yeah, it was an implosion. It was later proved that the sun is indeed a hot rock. The pressurized self-implosion. Those particles could have hurt us if it wasn't so cold in space, thus freezing them into a solid state. Stephen Hawking is going to call in and slam us for laughing at him. Look at him, he's all proud though. Why are you saying that about the sun? The kid is absolutely right. Pressurized self-implosion. My new theory. Hence, the big yellow one in the sun for them yesterday. I love that because I always remember kids like him in school and stuff that just had the wrong idea about something but who are so passionate about it. It's like they knew everything about everything. Yeah, I know my father's got this car and stuff and I know the engine is like a 600 cubic inch engine and he will just talk about it the whole day. And you're like, you know it's not, but you can't argue with them because they have their beliefs. Just like spas and the sun. You can't tell him it's a big ball of gas. Alright, good theory man. I said that he just... I know. Good theory. I say we just overheard his father when he was a kid saying, I think my son's head is a rock. And he got this whole thing about the rock being the sun. I say one of those things like if you're at a cocktail party and you're trying to mingle and you happen upon somebody and they hit you with that kind of thing, you're like, whoa, okay. Yeah, what do you do? You're chatting with them, I'm going to go check the punch bowl. Where do you go from that? The sun. You say what about that Nick game? How will the sun affect the Knicks? Okay, I got to go. Great. Fantastic. I want the rat guys to... Yeah, we're the giant rats. We're worried. We're hoping that the rats will rise. If the rats don't show up, I'm going to be... Someone is getting filleted and cooked and eaten. So how many rats? Six. Six big sewer city rats. Six big fat city rats. Is this like a chili bake-off kind of thing? Pretty much. Competing chefs. Yeah, it's like the cooking channel, Ready, Set, Cook, where they have to... You're only giving a rat a lemon, a lime and some lettuce and you have to make the best dish in a half hour and it will be judged by our audience. Oh man. Yeah, Ready, Set, Cook, a rat. We have a French chef out there, Brian. He's got sauces and... He described the procedure because these rats are going to come in live. And he's got to kill them, kill them and gut them. I think right about now in Brian's head he's going, What happened to Opium Anthony? Why did I... yeah. I didn't realize that chefs do that part of it, that chefs do the actual killing thing. They usually don't. I don't know who this guy is. I think they just found some hookers and 55-gallon drums in his yard. I just grabbed the chef's hat off a shelf and... Come on down. I don't have a gal to bring a lemon alive. Kill some animals on the radio. It's like the Jeffrey Dahmer or something. We're just getting in trouble. There's a guy in line three. Got to go to him real fast. He found out where Hillary lives up there in Westchester and he's putting wow stickers on her mailbox. Oh, you can't do that. Greg, what's going on? Hey, what are you doing? You found her house? Yeah, well yeah. We know where her house is. We're up in Chappaqua right now. Yeah. And you know, we actually, you know, we had a few drinks before so we're trying to sober up. That's good. Drunk in front of the president's house. Exactly. We don't want to get snagged like drunk. But I think we're sober enough now. We have a couple of wow bumper stickers. You guys? Dude, instead of that, could you just light a bag of dog duty and ring his bell? Could you see Clint going, what the hell is that? Put it out. Oh damn, my shoes. I wouldn't respect the news. Let's just sit down, kids. Well, we could wait. I'll get you, kids. Well, we got like 20 wow stickers that you guys gave to us. And you know, we're in the area. We want to do something. Great. Make sure you give them to the Secret Service before they beat you up. You know how quickly you would be wrestled to the pavement? Hey, for you guys, we want Sarah. For you guys, we want Sarah. For you guys, it would be okay though. You know what I'm saying? Alright, great. Thank you. Thank you. That's always good. Good luck with the wow stickers in front of the President's house. And with the first family. That's a wonderful, wonderful safe thing. And forewarn the authorities by mentioning it on the radio. Yeah, they won't pick up on that. Guess where we're headed? To the Clinton house to do some damage. Our license plate number is... I love it. Yeah, good luck. Train surgeons. Yeah, Sarah, Jessica Park, you're in the way. Sarah, Jessica Park, you can pick up on the fact that we're talking bad about her, but the Secret Service and the President will have no clue. We don't listen. We're listening to La Mega. Oh man. You know what bit I was hoping you did at Caroline's last time? Your McDonald's bit. The ordering? Oh, the franchise. Yeah. And actually, it's sort of a true thing. I went to the Burger King drive-thru, and I felt like an idiot and ordered a cheeseburger, and the lady goes, drive around, so I drove around for like 20 minutes. Then I head over to McDonald's, and I got talked into buying a franchise in Pensacola, Florida. I didn't even know what happened. I'm at the window. Yeah, I'd like a hamburger. Would you like franchise with that? You want to eat Pensacola? Yes, I do. My little brother, when we grew up in Miami, Florida, he came home from school. He was in kindergarten, and he came home from school and said that the teacher the next day was going to take all the kids to Pensacola. And my mom had to call the school going, what do you think you're taking our children? You're going to take an 11-hour drive up to Pensacola? That's when I found out they were going to the Pepsi Cola bottling plant. But my older brother went to college up in Pensacola, so my little brother got it all mixed up. So I turned it into a McDonald's joke and gave my little brother nothing. No rats yet. The rats have arrived. What are you waiting for? I was waiting for Brian to finish his story. Oh, great. The next last sticker stop is 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Great. Well, let me see the rats. Mike and Danny have brought rats. Oh, my God. Mike and Danny have brought us some rats. Everybody shaking their head no, this isn't a good sign. Oh, my God. Huh? A little rat fish in the box. Oh, damn. A rat fish in the box? A rat without manners. Wow. That's nothing compared to what's going to happen. Yeah. Oh, no, it took a leak. Wait for the consequences. You're guillotining these things. Here they are, man. Let me move my coffee. That's the very funny Brian Reagan playing rascals all weekend long. Yeah. Call rascals. They will go fast. The tickets. Yes, very funny guys. Ocean Township tonight and West Orange Saturday. So would you bring sandwiches in the box? Yeah. This is Mike and Danny. They're the rat suppliers. Oh, no. I don't want to look. You guys want to see them here? Yeah, lift one up. Lift one up. They're in the box still, though. Look, it's like a little Happy Meal box, isn't it? They come with fries. Yeah. All right, they're taking the rat out of there. How big is it? Is it big enough? On the other side. Don't let them run around. Look, is he going to try to escape? I hate looking at the condemned. I really do. Like he's in jail. Oh. All right, they're trying to get the rat out of the box. How big is it? Whoa, Jesus Christ. Okay. All right. Put it back in the fricking box. Put it back in the box. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. All right. This is not going to be fun. All right, reality has just hit. Reality has just hit. Oh, my God. He pulled a rat tail that was about a foot long out of a box. And then the rat part connected to it. We didn't get to see the rest of the rat. No, no. Pull the whole thing. No, I don't want to see it. That's dead. Okay, I'm leaving. I'm leaving the shop. Pull it out. That thing was only pulled about a quarter out. I'm leaving the program. It's trying to bite him. Pull the rat out. I want to see the whole damn thing. Oh, my God. Poor Brian, man. He comes here on a game. Right next to the box. Yeah, he's got the mic right next to the rats. I don't know if you saw it. I just came up. No, no, no. Come on. Okay, great. This all sounded good on paper, didn't it, Anthony? When you see it's like the Sarah Jessica Parker thing. It's great when you're just talking about it. But then when Sarah Jessica called, we kind of felt bad. Yeah, it's great talking about it. But then you look at the rat, and now I'm wondering how the hell they're going to do this. Steve, who's a pretty big guy, is shaking. Look at him. French chef dude. Grab one of those mics. Yes. Yeah, grab that one. Now, you've seen the rat. No, I didn't see it. Show it to me. Oh, show the French chef guy the rat. It's small. It's small. It's small. It's small. It's small. It's small. Hey, it's small. Small? That small? That small. Now, you have no reservations about clocking him over the head. No, no, no. I smash him right on the front of the head. Oh my God. I, uh, ha. Oh my God. It's like little pets, you know? Yeah, like little pets. It's smashing on the head. Wow. Okay. Did you want to see the other things? Okay, terrific. No, I don't want to see the other ones. Are they all the same, pretty much? Want to see the big ones? How about this? The big ones. Yeah, those are the babies. God damn. There are two other white ones, and the other one that we showed is black and white, so. I'll call that one Spanish because I didn't know which one it was. Yeah, that's what. You know what? It is really going to be grim when he has to extinguish the life out of these things because I know damn well we are going to want to do it on the air, and it's going to freaking squeal. Look, they don't just go like, okay, he's hitting me on the head with a meat cleaver. It's okay. You're going to hear like squealing. All right, well, once you guys get the rats out of the studio, we'll talk about it over in the area, and then we will talk to you. We have rats, we have rat eaters, and we have a chef. The only saving grace to this is. And the comedy by the way. Yeah, they are throwing in. Squeezing here. Do your little drive-through joke. I don't have anything to do. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. What's going on here? Now, the only saving grace of this whole damn cluster F is the fact that these rats were gotten from a store where they are used to feed huge snakes. So they were condemned already. Next is the fact that they will indeed be consumed. Yeah. So it's completely, we have like 10 people out there that want to eat the rats. Yeah. So that makes it like it's hunting. What? Yeah, I'm trying to rationalize this, Brian. You know, we're going to eat these rats. It isn't like we're just killing them. Brian, I'm trying to rationalize this so I can sleep tonight, okay? We're turning them into sandwiches. We're not being cruel. Sure, the French guy is going to hit them on the head with a meat tenderizer. But, Brian, can you do like 10 minutes out there while they're frying up the rats? Like the worst hell gig in history. Put a microphone over in the corner. Playing a Benihana with Banner. I'm playing a friggin' game with the rats. I'm playing a friggin' game with the rats. I'm playing a friggin' game with the rats. I'm playing a friggin' game with the rats. I'm playing a friggin' game with the rats. I'm playing a friggin' game with the rats. What a mess. That thing was a rabbit, man. Did you see the size of that rat? That thing was not a rat. I thought, you know, when you think rat, unless you think about the stories of New York City rats running around, you think the little rats that you see in the tank at the pet store. These rats are so freaking huge. He pulled that tail out. And you know when you think of holding a rodent by the tail, you think the thumb and forefinger and you're holding by the tail? He had it in his fist. He's holding this thing like a piece of rope. And it was just more tail coming out of the box. Yeah. It was tail for days. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then that hind end came out. Yeah, that. I was sitting right next to him. That thing had hemorrhoids. I don't know how they helped it. More disgusting than it already is. That's the best part. That's good eating. Of defending. You know, that rat is a misery. We're doing it a favor. Look at that. I bet he can't even sit down. Back end is good eating. Is this another chef? We're neater. Oh, what's happening? Hello, buddy. How are you doing? What's your name? My name is Chef Declan. Chef Declan? Chef Declan, yes. Okay. And you are going to prepare one of these? Yeah, the one that's sitting on my shoulder, yes. Now, you have no problem snuffing. I'm going to cut his throat. I'm going to skin him. All right. And I'm going to cook it. Oh, my God. After he's been... There's one of the worst again. That's okay. We have buttons and things that will... We're on like a three-day delay. You can drive home and listen. He just made duty in my pocket. He just made duty in your pocket. We had to dump out of that. Oh, boy, he got you. You were out there kissing the rat? Yeah, sure. Oh, no, no, no, no. I want to see no bonding process between this rat. Kiss of death. Ready? The kiss of death. Brian, this is normal radio, right? You do this all over the country when you're touring, right? Oh, man. Wow. Wow. Oh, my God. All right. Looking good. Oh. See what I'm saying about the... The tail's a little bit... The tail's a little bit... Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. See what I'm saying about the... The tail's a goner. Yeah, there's something hanging out there. There's something hanging out there. It has like a double butt or something. It's got like huge testicles. Oh, man, this is a male rat. It's a male rat. It's a... We're Psycho Mark. Okay. All right, check. I'm done. We're Psycho Mark. I'm done. Let's put this in his hand. How do these ideas get spawned? It's all from that Survivor show. That's what did it. Oh, is that... Where they all have to eat rats? It's all because of you guys, because you're the best guys in New York. Oh, wow. Look at that, right? Hopefully, it's going to be a hit all over the world. Look, somebody knows Brian's... Some of Brian's material. He goes, hey, guys, it's a box and a rat-son. Rats-ses it is. Rats in a box-es. And it has some food-es when it cuts up the rat-s-ness. And the guy wants to know what wine goes best with bubonic plague. Probably, uh, Chardonnay Blanc. I think a red wine would be fine with rat. Well, it's red meat, so I'd use a white wine. A white wine? I thought red wine. What kind of chef are you? White wine goes with fish and poultry. If it comes to rat... Wait, let's get the wine guy in. Brian, where's the wine guy for this? Put the rat off. Look at this guy all well-dressed and stuff. I thought you were like Brian's agent or something. No, I came from work. I told you guys that. Okay, he's a... He met O... My name is O'Kins Melville. My buddy Tommy was running the bar, and you came down on a Monday night with our... I don't want to say too much, your girlfriend's here. Did the strippers have the half-time? Carrying. The poker game? Oh, that's from the BAB? Yeah. A long time ago. So I'm glad to see you moving up is basically my point. This is nice. So you brought some wine? What are you thinking? Well, I'm making friends with... Well, he's preparing... There is no wine for rat. So he's preparing... It's based on how he's preparing it. He's preparing lemon basil rat. So I'm going to serve Kendall Jackson Sauvignon Blanc. Ah. To compliment the lemon basil. Perfect. And I added a little bit of that to saut with. Absolutely. Right. Now what year would you go with that, with a white and rat? I would go with the 76. All right, 76 Sauvignon Blanc. I'd rather eat the rat. Wow. Inside wine humor. You know how bad that 76 has to... That's not as good as the 78. I'd rather eat the rat. I got Cabo Wabo Tequila for you. All right. So you can wash the rat down if you need any. Any year of that. Your other guy is cooking the rat in a pepper sauce. We're going to serve Rosemont Shiraz. Ah. Of course. He's Australian. Did you even have to say that? Who doesn't know that? I hate to state the obvious. Yeah. Look at you. He was just whispering... Oh, no. He said, I want to be... All right. Are you sure you're a chef? I think you're just a guy that likes killing small kids. I'm not a chef. I'm a chef. I'm a chef. He likes killing small animals. He got some whites from where he escaped from the hospital. There's a number of them. He did orally at Bellevue. Honestly, I've been cooking for... And his chef comes from Rikers. He works at a restaurant called Rikers. I've never seen a chef so out there with black and white stripes. Honestly, I've been cooking for 22 years. How much rat have you made? Yeah. Never cooked rat. Squirrel. Squirrel? Well, that's comparable. Is that not your family? It's very close, yeah. Well, if the rat goes over... I eat rossum. I've eaten rattlesnake. Yeah. I've eaten rossum. I've eaten rossum. I've eaten rossum. How much time did you spend on Devil's Island? About five years. Did you try something? It's called beef. It's really wonderful. I spent five years in Kentucky. That's where that came from. And how many 55-gallon drums are there in Kentucky where under your patio buried? Not 50. You'll fit nice in that. I'm from your neighborhood. Oh yeah, where? Center Reach. That's not my neighborhood anymore. Well, we won't have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. We'll have to go to the neighborhood. I'm from your neighborhood. Oh yeah, where? Center Reach. That's not my neighborhood anymore. Well, Long Island. Well, that's Opi's neighborhood. No, it's not my neighborhood. I'm from Brooklyn. Rick, Center Reach? Center Reach is the poor little thing. Born in Brooklyn, raised in Center Reach, sent to Kentucky, back to Brooklyn. There you go. All right, let's get the... I want to write that down, so I'm going to do that with my son, actually. I'm going to follow that same call. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. I'm going to follow that same call. Yeah, let's do that. Let's get the warning, guys. Let's get the warning, guys. Do you want me to stop pulling corks? Yeah, once you guys get out there and get ready to get the festivities going, we got to... When's the killing spree going to be done? After Brian leaves, because I don't think you can mix killing and humor. I don't think if you're ever there... See, Opi, that's where you're wrong. It has to be done the proper way. Really. And having frozen rats was not the the right way to do it. I've got to... where are we going to do this procedure? But is it going to be over a garbage can? I brought a huge cutting board with me and that's the killing board. But... I don't know. Alright, why don't you guys go figure that out. It seems a little too open. Why don't you guys figure that out? We'll be up in a minute. We need some sneeze. Alright, thank you. Alright, and wine guy, we'll see you in a little while. Alright, say goodbye to Mr. Rat. Alright, thank you. Say goodbye to Mr. Rat. I for one am completely disgusted. So Brian, stupid in school. I'm trying anything here. My God. Yeah. You know. Alright, why don't we take a break and maybe we could have a normal break with Brian Regan. Another Brian Regan thing. Enjoy your rat. You too. In case you're eating rat. Soon. It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Audio of that chef we were just talking to. Really? Alright, Brian Regan in studio. I brought some fava beans and kianta. One of my faves. I'm telling you, you guys will laugh your asses off. These shows are going to go quick. I suggest you call right now. Rascals tonight, Ocean Township. Rascals tomorrow night, West Orange. Two shows tonight and two shows tomorrow. Okay? Okay. Brian Regan, stay there. Dudes with tudes. I think every time we open our mouths we're pissing someone off. We're out of control. We're so wacky. Alright, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Mujan. Yes, Mujan. You might ask, what the hell is Mujan? Well, I think Brian would ask that question. Brian Regan. I ask that question every day. Mujan. Mujan, it's wax or waxing a woman. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. That's one thing she wants to hear. What did you get me honey? I got you some crotch hair remover honey. And she'll love it. You said you wanted me to put some thought into this. Yeah. Does your girl really, does it look like she has a link from the Moscow has had in the leg lock? If it does, she needs Mujan. Mujan is available at Dwayne Reed, Harmon Cosmetics, Genevieve's Drugs and Cosmetics Plus and if you don't see Mujan just ask your store manager to bring it for you Anthony. Can you imagine that? Mujan. Mujan. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a star. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW. 212757 1027. Oh, I get it. It's rad. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to this. We don't need to listen to Rat Today, but people will be eating rats in a little while Anthony. They're getting ready to start the process. But right now we've got Brian Reagan in the studio. One of my faves, I've got to say it. I told Brian outside, I go, Brian I tell everyone they're one of my faves. But when I tell you, I mean it. He's playing Rascals tonight, Ocean Township, two shows. I highly recommend you go see Brian Reagan. Thanks. He's playing Rascals in West Orange for two shows. Call for tickets, okay? All right. And you have, you know, like if these guys get queasy or sick, do you have like medical staff standing by? No. You know something? No. We're just thinking Dr. Garbage Pal will be there for people to wolf into. One big bucket. I actually had to go to the emergency room about three weeks ago. I had like this stomach virus from hell thing. And you know, I showed up and they check you in. You know, you got to sit there and do the check-in thing. I had to tell the guy checking me in saying, you know, before we really get anywhere, I might throw up like at any second. You know, the guy had a bucket on my lap so fast. And then I'm walking around the hospital with a bucket. How can you possibly look cool when you're holding your own bucket, you know? Walking around trying to talk to people. Yeah, this is my bucket. I'm proud of my little bucket. That's awful. You know, if you feel good enough, you can go hit like a nightclub, you know, walk around with your bucket. I couldn't help but notice you're looking at my bucket. Yeah, this is in case I ralph. So what are you doing later? How about you and me in my bucket? Take it on side. A puke bucket. Fortunately, I didn't have to do that while I was there. You'll never see people move faster than when you say, I think I'm going to throw up. Like looking for anything. A postage stamp. I've got to find something. It's your world, man. Yeah, you can do whatever you want when you might throw up. Especially in a car. Your friend's car. I think I'm going to puke. Starsky and hodge spin. I was in the back of a cab one time and I was going to an airport like at 7 o'clock in the morning and all I had said to the cab driver was, you know, I need to get to the airport. I didn't know what I had said until like halfway there I said, I'm going to throw up right now. The guy pulled over like six lanes of traffic. Not in my cab. Not in my cab. And he pulled over and I was like, whoa. That's called an air freshener for a cab, though. I'll tell you. I was in, I swear, I hopped in a cab the other day and I just had to go a couple of blocks and I got out. I got out after like a block. This is good. I swear to God, it's like the guy soaked his feet in Swiss cheese. It was that bad. Like really? I thought you were going up to the roadway on the 70's. No, no, this is fine. I just really didn't want to walk. I saw something crack in the road and I'm superstitious, break your mother's back thing. I figured I'd drive over it. Thank you, feet guy. I could use the exercise, yeah. It was terrible. That's all right. Stinky cab guy. Yeah. Okay. Boy, we're really trying to get our minds off the rest, but it ain't working. It really isn't working. It's like trying to cheer someone up at the funeral. You're talking and occasionally you get like a ha ha ha. They're still dead. They're still dead. It doesn't matter. The cheering up just doesn't really work at the funeral. Every topic you bring up goes right back to it. Hey, did you see that ball game? He liked basketball. Yeah. Thanks for bringing his favorite sport. Cruel. Heartless you are. Man, I got caught in some traffic coming in here. He used to get caught in traffic. And now he's dead. And now he's dead. Why do you keep talking about him? Supposed to be cheering me up. Yeah. Well, in ten minutes we're going to start the wrap up. Ten minutes? Great. The chef, look at that. He's biting at the bit over there. He's ready to go. The French chef. His mind is just like racing at what he can do with these rats. You consider those small rats though, right? Where are you from? The Bronx? Yeah, he lives in a subway platform. What scale are you using? Like electric train sets. Is this HO scale? I'm using the metric scale. The metric? Yes, metric rats. Keep the jokes to Brian, right? No. You cook the rat, Brian tells the jokes. No problem. I'll be telling the jokes tonight. What are you talking about? The metric rat bit. That was pretty good. Are you going to use the tail or anything as a garnish? Yeah, why not? A little basket. Oh, and with a little lemon basket. Lemon basket, exactly. This just sounds adorable. You're the chef, what's happening now? Shouldn't you be sharpening knives or something? Let me go free for today. I think they're waiting. I think the slaughter is going to take place. Like we said, we're trying to separate the horror from the comedy. We want to separate tragedy from comedy, much like my life. I don't want to be perceived as standing in the way of the rat slaughter. Everybody out there in their car going, as soon as that clown gets out of the studio, they start killing rats. And he's in there telling his little nickel-dine jokes. Have you ever noticed when you're driving, would you shut up, ho-ho? You're like Greenpeace with the whales, you know? Wait, I've got another one. This is a little ditty I've been working on. How come when you go to the mall, shut up, circus clown. We want to hear cats. Rats get killed. And cats. Bring cats and rats and dogs. Start killing animals. Man, I've heard a following heart. I've got to precede a rat slaughter. You go on, you do your thing, then we kill rats. Warming up for the gladiators. You do that cute joke about you two. In case you ever kill a rat. I'm just feeling really queasy about the whole thing. I'd actually like to watch that. I don't know if we can move that up. That's no problem. I'm into this. You want to maybe start? Yeah, we could do that. I just want to apologize to Brian. I promise there will be no executions next time you visit us. I don't want you to think this is what it's going to be like next time you're here. I'm thrilled to be here, man. That's going to be something I'm ever going to forget. That's true. I just don't know about the cutting board thing out there. He says he's got a big cutting board, but I'm thinking of overflow. That rat was pretty huge. I'm thinking he's going to have to be over a container, not just a flat surface. Why don't we do this? Something called liquid properties in gravity. You know what I mean? Let's get that theory guy back. No, you don't have to worry about that. That is a rat brain implosion. Spaz, Brian wants to ask you something. We have a question. What do you think is going to take place? What's going to take place? I'm not sure how to prepare a rat, but I would think that if you disconnect the brain from the rest of the body, the spinal cord to the brain is what provides movement and life along with the heart. If you separate the spinal cord, which is also attached with veins, sever the head, the body will wiggle for a couple minutes of life because the heart rate is pumping through the body still, so it might move around, so you might want to contain it after you chop off the head. There we go. That's great. You know what? If you're like my call-in lifeline on who wants to be a millionaire, I'd have to constantly be saying, 30 seconds. We've only got 30 seconds. I love when they get cut off. The spine is connected to it. Give me an answer. I'd say the answer is, I'm 100% sure it's like, I'm sorry, you seem to have run out of time. Horrible. I saw that the other night. I was laughing like the guy in ads. This is tough. Between two of them, I'm 75% sure. I'm going to have to go. He seems to have run out of time. I don't understand how that happened. Oh, man. All right. Let's start killing. Let's start killing. Let's get to the killing field. This isn't about killing. It's about cooking. We're celebrating life and food and eating with loved ones and family. Anthony, so far we had Sarah Jessica Parker yell at us. We've had the comedy stylings of Brian Regan. We're going to have a slaughterhouse in a few minutes. And then we got hot strippers coming in at 6 o'clock to end the day. Are you kidding? No. Where do they come from? Hot strippers, can we gut them and eat them? It's like none of this belongs with anything else. This is such a hodgepodge. Find the common denominator. Then Mother Teresa will be joining us. Then we're going to skewer a live horse. More political commentary. Then we'll talk about the Senate race. Exactly. Get your views on that. Oh, man. What can I tell you? But Brian Regan playing tonight, Ocean Township Rascals, Please Go. He's really funny. Two shows. And tomorrow at the West Orange Rascals, two shows. Thanks. I was told to mention that Saturday night show was part of that Toyota Comedy Festival. Very, very good. Okay. Well, Brian's sticking around for a few more minutes because he wants to check out the festivities. Yeah. I guess when we come back, are we going to be outside in the killing fields? Yes. In the pens? For a little, I guess they'll be nice and tender because they were kept in little boxes like veals. It's like a veal ratlet. Yeah. I don't know if that affects them. And Brian's going to show off his comedy skills by just riffing as the blood is pumping. He's going to be roughing. Brian's going to rip. I think I saw that Mr. Popeal out there with his rat on the thing. Just set it and forgot it. It cooks in its own juices, you see. The George Foreman lean, mean, fat burning rat grilling machine. And look on the top, you'll have some nice vegetables. We cook it all at once. Good for the whole family. And the rat flavoring will be in the asparagus and the broccoli. God damn. What happened? Where did my life turn that I'm condemning rats to death for food on the radio? What, are we doing something wrong or something? I don't know. You know something, if I'm not feeling too good about it, there's probably some activists out there that are really pissed. Really pissed. Anthony's moral compass is like, die-rating bad. I'm in the Bermuda Triangle with my compass. I don't know. Believe me, I'll get over it. I don't really care. What's the strippers get here? They cure everything. They really do. It brings everyone together. We had a race riot going on in here once. I swear we had a panel of black gentlemen and some white gentlemen and they were confronting issues of the day and really getting just brutal with each other. It was getting scary, yeah. We brought in some nude women. They had their arms around each other. They're laughing. The white guys are calling the black guys my nigger. There was love in the air as long as the boobs were bouncing. One girl had to leave. She had to take a little bathroom break and the guys started getting edgy again. We had to keep nudity around them at all times, but it seems to cure everything. You've got to do that with the Mideast Peace Talk. Oh, forget about it. You know what land you need. It's yours. I don't care. Check out her. Look at the cans on her. Talk to West Bank. It's yours. We'll be back with the festivities. We'll call it that. Next. Stay there. OP and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Hey Anthony. Yes, OP. The Razor Rollerboard Scooter. Oh my God. You can get these things at Sharper Image. We went out to dinner after the show last night and Rick shows up at the restaurant on his Razor Rollerboard Scooter. He was riding it through what? Central Park? No, Ben tried it in Central Park. Was that last night too? I heard Rick took a little header on his Razor Rollerboard Scooter. But no worse for wear. The scooter took it. Let me tell you, the scooter looked great after I took that spill. It landed on my ass and people laughed, but you shouldn't ride them on the sidewalks. No, it's cool. You're extreme. You're flying. I bought it again when I was taking it home from the train to my house. I was scooting down the road and I tried to jump the curb with it. You're not an expert in up and jumping things. Yeah, I know. Would you raise a rollerboard scooter? All my wife heard from inside the house was, ahhh. Jeffery Dowers making Brian Regan nervous. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, man. Look at Brian standing next to one of the chefs with a rat on his shoulder. Brian, I pick up on everything. He starts small talk with you and you're like, yeah, that's great. Oh my God, I hope someone notices that he has a butcher knife and he's got a beef cleaver and a rat blood dripping from it. And over there chit chatting. I like to look you out on your face like, I hope someone notices soon. All right, the razor roller board scooter. I'd say it's the hottest new product this summer. Gleaming stainless steel and aluminum inline scooter. Yeah, we have fun with these things. Up and down the hallways, we're hazards to each other on these things. But they're a lot of fun. You ride around these, you just see everybody riding around on these things. A lot of fun razor roller board scooter available only from the sharper image. Visit one of the stores that go online sharper image dot com or give them a call. One eight hundred three four four four four four four one eight hundred three four four four four four four. Or and if you want to see what it looks like, go to sharper image dot com. And I think we can give away three of them right now. All right. To our faithful listeners, we'll take the tenth, eleventh and twelfth callers to one two seven five seven one oh two seven. So everyone that's calling about the rats hang up and try to win a scooter. OK, yes. All right. And you can also win by visiting any New York area sharper image store and filling out an entry blank. Each store will give away five razors on Sunday, June 25th. No purchase necessary. Winner need not be present. It's the razor roller board scooter from sharper image. Anthony, four minutes to go before we start the rat festivities. Powered by Opie and Anthony. By Infinity Broadcasting. She is one oh two seven. WMEW. New York. All right, Anthony, I think we're outside the studio. I think we're back in the air. Well, I know that's one sure thing. We are outside the studio. Brian Regan didn't leave. I'm very surprised. Yeah, he's hanging for this. Yeah, it's got to watch this. You know, there's certain things you might not want to watch, but given the opportunity, you have to. You hear what the hell, right? Yeah. All right, let's set the scene. What's going on out here? Oh my God. Well, this is like ready, set, cook on the Food Network. Oh my God. All right, we got to tell you, we have two chefs that ended up coming down here. We got the French chef. Who seems pretty normal. Yeah, and then we got. Yeah. He is though. And then we got the chef that we've labeled Jeffrey Dahmer. Psycho chef. Psycho chef normal chef. He doesn't take any refrigerators or freezers he may have in his basement. Now, psycho chef, the rat that he's about to prepare, took a dump on his cutting board. Yeah. Right next to the onion. Oh, he sanitized it, I guess, with some Cabo Wabo or tequila or something. I don't know. I am. What do you see what he does when he cuts his clothes? Oh, see. All right, listen, he's a little too into this. A little too into. I was putting like the killing of the rat at like out of 100, like five. Yeah. And then the cooking and eating is the rest of the 95% of what's going on. Correct. He is like 100% kill, kill, kill. He's going to kill the rat and go, I don't even know how to cook and leave. I'm convinced that's what he's going to do. Isn't that how Jeffrey Dahmer started to? Yeah. He's talking to just no one. Yeah. We're going to have to get another mic set up so the cooks can... Okay. You didn't know the rats are going to be alive? No, it's the only way they are. They're fresh. Okay. All right, listen, the French chef recommended that the rats were alive, right? Yes, that's right. Yeah, they would have to be alive because the frozen ones, you don't know how long they've been frozen, if they've been thawed and then refrozen. Boy, we don't want anybody getting any disease. You can cut them out too and you can cut them. Yeah, then you have to thaw them out. And it's going to be tough like hell. And fresh rat. Yeah, you want fresh rat. You don't want frozen rat. No, we got six faithful, and I mean faithful listeners down here to eat the rat in today. How are you guys feeling? You ready or what? Right on, man. Let's go. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah, drink a little more of what's in that cup. You're going to need it. Now, I am really a little leery about listening to this procedure, the beginning part. I'll listen to them crackling in the pan and everything else, but I know damn well that when one of these things gets cracked over the head, it's not just going to go, oh, oh, oh. Well, I think the reaction of the 20 to 25 people seeing this will be enough, Anthony. Let me just say maybe this. Do you remember just when they pulled them out of the box alive, what that reaction was? Yeah, yeah. We were horrified. That was a living rat. Now, he's going to pound them over the head. That's his technique. Wait, wait. Let's ask the French chef. What's the technique? I'm just going to smash him on his neck. That's it. Not the head, not the body, the neck. That's it. Can I say it's going to be done in a humane? I'll make sure nobody actually sees it. Oh, OK. See, the French chef is going, I'll make sure nobody actually sees it. OK. All right. I feel like glorifying the killing portion of this program. The best part is eating it. Well, yeah, there you go. That's just what I was thinking. The best part is eating it. Now, Jeffrey Dahmer, how are you going to dispose of the rat there? I mean, how are you going to do the... Yeah, how will you... I'm trying to be polite, but how will you extinguish the life spark out of that small mammal? I'm going to grab him by the back of the neck with the cloth. I'm going to take the meat cleaver. I'm going to break his neck. Very slightly slit his wrists, his back legs, and then pull the skin off very slightly and filet the meat off his body. OK, horrific. Great, great. Fantastic. Oh, my God. That's what being a carnivore is all about, isn't it? I think Peter that's listening in feels much better about the show now after hearing that description. I'm ready to join to tell you the truth. Brian Regan, Brian Regan, hanging with us. Brian, you want to maybe tell a joke before... Yeah, funny thing about buying shoes. It's just... I don't know. I guess we just have to forge ahead and get over this part so we can get to the cooking and everything. No, but he has a good Fig Newton joke. Yeah, if we could just slam on the brakes here for a second. Oh, you're terrible, man. Fig Newtons, they say that it's only serving sizes two. Come on! I ate Fig Newtons by the sleeve. All right, break his little neck. All right. He's going for the... All right, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let's move closer, Anthony. No, I'm going closer. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hold on, hold on, hold on. We've got to describe what's going on here. All right. I've got to wear these clothes on stage tonight. I cannot look. Okay, Jeffrey Dahmer. Hold on, hold on, here we go. The cleaver's backwards. Yeah, it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. I won't. Oh. Make it firm, Anthony. Make it quick and painless. On three. One, two... Oh! Oh, my God. No, no, no. I knew this would happen. I'm going to puke. Dude, do it again. Hit him with your head. No, no. Who didn't wet the sponge? Who didn't wet the sponge? Oh, my gosh. Oh, you don't need to. He's dead. Oh, he ain't dead. Nothing to see here. Move along, people. Move along. Nothing to see here. Oh, okay. Oh, man. That's a... Hey, Brian, did you bring that puke bucket from earlier? This is my bucket. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Daddy, what happened to Fluffy? Gosh, he did. I am horrified. Look, I'm not kidding. I think I got to go puke. I'm horrified. Jeff Doris, what are you thinking? This guy needs counseling or something. Okay. Oh, my God. Hang on. Another thing about these big newtons. You got a little on your board. Look at the size of this. Oh, my God. All right. The other ride is dumping in the box. I want to start a religious programming show now. I just want to leave this. We got guys that are going to eat this. Wait. Jeffrey Dahmer is now filleting the ride. Oh, God. Oh, God. I can't watch. I cannot watch this. Oh, my. Here's the second technique on the left. You're going to miss the... Oh, my God. Okay. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. We got... That rat's fighting back. All right. We got Jeffrey Dahmer. That's filleting the dead ride over there. We got the normal French chef getting ready to dispose of the life of this ride. This is horrifying. I'm horrified. I can't watch. I can't watch. This is going to... Oh, God. Oh, no. Off with the little feet. Oh, no. Okay. I have to go to the bathroom. I say we rent a van and we all go straight to confession. This is the most horrific thing I've ever seen. What's the $10,000? All right. He's... I can't look at Jeffrey Dahmer. ...is getting the rat ready for cooking. Jeffrey Dahmer is... Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, jeez. No, no, no. All right. Holy cow. That was... The chef can't even handle it. I have such severe heebie-jeebies. Okay. All right. All right. Okay. It's safe to say that we're dealing with dead rats now. Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Give me a bucket. Oh, don't look. Hey, no. That's my bucket. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'll expound this game of bucket. Drink some ice tea. I'll be drinking some ice tea. Oh, my God. Boy, I found my line. I found my threshold here. Wow. This is like a crime scene. All right. We're... We should put a yellow tape down. We need the police to get the hell out of here. We want to talk to some of the guys that are going to eat the rats, Anthony. All right. What's your name, man? Mike. Hey, Mike, where are you from? Mayapak. After seeing what you just did, you have no problem eating the rats in about 15 minutes? It's got to taste like chicken, you know? It looks like chicken. It has to. I can't imagine it tasting bad. It's like pheasant, but not. You know what it is? I have to wait before I could even look at that table until there is no hair left and it just looks like little chunks of meat. That's where Munger comes in the play. All right. Whatever that process is. Oh, my God. No. Jeffrey Dahmer is just... No, no, no. Jeffrey Dahmer just... He just put the head in his mouth. This is an impression. Security, security, security, security. All right. Jeffrey Dahmer just took... No! All right. He just took the meatpaper to the head of the rat. All right. And then he took the head off... Okay, look. And put it in his mouth. Hey, guys. He is in f-ing sand. I gotta get to my therapy. Get that away from me. I feel dirty. Look at Devin Thomas' hands now. Look, look, they're cutting and skinning the rat and it is the most horrible part of the procedure. By the way, can I have your space? Yeah, you can make that into a hat. Look at his face, man. He's got blood hanging out of his mouth. Jeffrey Dahmer has blood on the corner of his mouth. You know what's not fair? No one is talking about the wine. Are you ready for this? Cut. All right, all right. Jeffrey Dahmer has his rat almost ready for cooking, Anthony. Yes, yes, he does. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. He's got a lot of blood. a hell of a lot more time preparing the rat than Jeffrey Dahmer did. Well, this is a timed event, Opie. I understand that. Jeffrey Dahmer's hands are totally covered with blood. He looks like a serial killer. He's got rat blood. Can we say this again? He has rat blood all around his mouth. All around his mouth because he had the rat head in his mouth and all over his hands he has rat blood. Oh my God. If only we could say this was all just a weird play. Yeah. You know? You may believe it like that War of the Worlds thing, you know? Oh, he just hacked the tail off. Wow! All right, so Brian has another joke for everyone. Brian, why don't you cut the tension with some comedy? Actually, I do need to run. I've got to get to the show one time. Yeah. Could you light a candle down at the church for me, Brian? Yeah, stop by St. Patrick's Cathedral for me. All right, well, we'll let Brian get the hell out of here. It doesn't feel obligated to stay here for this much. Thanks. We sacrifice a baby next time you come in. It's going to be great. I promise I will never be the same. Brian Regan appearing at Rascal's Ocean Township tonight for two shows. Very funny guy. We're all going tomorrow night when he plays West Orange Rascal's two shows. Enjoy your meal here, guys. You guys, let's hear it for Brian Regan! Take care, thanks. All right, there he goes. He's running out of the studio. Watch your headphones, Brian. I've never seen a... You don't want to stumble, trip, and fall on the dead rats. Anthony, I've never seen... Anthony, I've never seen a guest leave so fast as Brian Regan. Look at him run. He just set the guest leaving record. He's running down the hallway. He can't get out of here. What's going to happen when he gets out? Is he going to get in that hallway and just go, Oh, my God, what did I just see? All right, Anthony... I will not get closer to the table, I think. I'm real close. No, no, that'll be enough. You may stretch it. He's saying that he needs more rat, Anthony. I don't think we could go through that process again. I couldn't. Trust me, you have plenty of rats, sir. Yeah. All right, there's enough rat there. Just make do with what you got. We'll give the rest to the rats. We'll let them go in the city. Who else is eating rat? You're eating rat, bro? What's your name? Yeah, you can take that rat home. He'll be your pet. All right, Anthony, I'm talking to Ben. He's going to be eating some rat in a little bit here. I don't know, I think we need him to kill another one. I'm pretty hungry here. Oh, my God. You're nuts. You're absolutely nuts. All right, Anthony... I'm horrified. Jeffrey Dahmer is just about ready for cooking. The French chef is taking a lot more time preparing his rat for the skillet. Oh, my God, there's rats laying on cutting boards. Every so often, the reality of this just hits me in the face, are we getting digital pictures of this for Steve's website? Steve's rolling film, Anthony. Let's take a break. There's nothing to see here right now. Move along. So let's take a break, and when we get back... Move along, people. Move along, I'm serious this time. Anybody remaining will be placed under arrest. All right, they're just about ready to start up the skillet. So why don't we take a break? Please, let's do that. I've got to get something to drink. And we'll check in with the rat-eating next. It's Opi and Anthony on W-A-D-W. Okay, Anthony, Fidelity Diamond. I feel a little woozy. I had to take a walk. Oh, I had to take a walk. That heart was just the worst. All right, Fidelity Diamond, the engagement ring specialist. They'll make sure you're getting the best biopies. Forget the Diamond District. Okay, look, I just dumped out. Why would they write that on the copy? I won't do this spot until... Who's in charge of this copy? Oh, my God. Why would they write that? What do they write? What part now? Oh, my God. What are they, battling upstairs like dogs? Oh, boy. Uh, what? That's beautiful. That's beautiful. They make us look like idiots. They scratch it out in the original copy and then write it in, in pen. Oh, whatever. So basically, now they want us to trash another business that we just encourage people to go to. Yeah. I ain't doing that. I'm not doing that. We look stupid. I'm just jackasses. Anthony, Fidelity Diamond, the engagement ring specialist will make sure you're getting the best biopies, Anthony. Yeah, you got to go there. I'll say forget the Diamond District and I'll say forget the malls, okay? Fidelity Diamond will get a complete... At Fidelity Diamond, you will get a... It doesn't even make sense. All right, I'm getting pissed. Okay, Fidelity Diamond, you know what it is. The engagement ring specialist, they educate you about buying your diamonds. Thank you, Anthony. You pick out your diamond loose and you pick out your setting and they put it together right in front of you. You know what you're getting. There's nobody trying to rip you off. And if you want to sell them on to diamonds, turn them into instant cash. Fidelity Diamond has a diamond buying service. Sell diamonds after a breakup, divorce, inherit grandma's diamonds, whatever it is. Fidelity will offer the highest price paid in the area on the spot. Fidelity Diamond family on going on their 18th year of business. Call Tom Calasino, president of Fidelity Diamond for a confidential appointment. 201-261-261-6555. 201-261-6555. Fidelity Diamond right on Route 17 south in Paramus, just minutes from Manhattan in Rockland County. Call Fidelity Diamond 201-261-6555. 201-261-6555. All right, you won't get ripped off if you go to Fidelity Diamond because they educate you. That's the thing we want to tell everyone. OK, right. It's Fidelity Diamond, Anthony. Just f***ing around. Here we go. OK, Anthony, our genius gets lost. All right. I'm going to cut the crap on this end, I can tell you that. 1027 WNEW. Wow. It's the O&A Show and I'm taking a break back in the studio. REC, it's what's for dinner. I had to walk down the hallway. Take a little walk. Yeah, I came right back into the studio. A lot of people said I turned white. You know, I don't know about anyone else, but I have to break the no drinking in the studio rule today. Yeah, I think so. Fire me if you have to, but I can't go on. We got these little bottles of a Cabo Wabo tequila. I think I'm going to be down in some of this stuff. What do you think, Sammy? Yeah, that's what I think. So what is going on out there right now? They're just about ready to start cooking. They have prepared the meat and are ready to cook, Anthony. So we'll go out there in a few minutes, but we got to talk to some of our listeners. I want to stress anybody listening that they were put to their demise very quickly. And I guess as well as you could do it, you know what I mean? As well as a cook or a hunter or whatever it is takes care of live animals right before they're ready to skin them and cook them. Well, that's the reality. But it was just too much for me. Yeah, it was. I don't know. I'm speechless. I couldn't even get near the table. I was against the back wall and I didn't watch the procedure. There's like a commotion going on out there. It's like a party. What's going on down there? What's going on? What's going on out there? What's going on? Telling jokes and kicking back and having some wine. All right. The listeners are getting ready to eat the rat, Anthony. Well, they got to cook it, right? Yeah, they're getting ready to throw it on the fire. You know what? I think now that the smell might put me on the top. Oh, look, the strippers have arrived, Dan. Oh, good. You're better already. I think, do you think the smell now is going to get to you? I've never felt like that. What's the matter? It smells. It smells like that. You can smell it. Did they start cooking? It smells like it. It's just dead rat smell in the air. I wasn't out there, so I don't know. Oh, my God. I can't take it. I don't know. Matt, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? How are you? Oh, my God. I have a question. Who's the one who used the cleaver, the Jeffrey Dahmer? They both did. They both did. Did you do background checks on these guys? Because from the graphic description you guys were giving, it sounds like they've done this before. Well, they have with other animals, like they've cooked squirrels. Oh, my God. I actually had to turn down the radio because they went and cut off the heads. Oh, my God. Get me a freaking pail. Get me a pail. What's the matter? You'll smell it in a minute. Oh, man. They're coming through this goddamn door. What are they cooking? Hey, guys. Yeah, Matt. Yeah. Oh, my God. I can't say I blame you. They went to cut off the heads. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. Opie is now leaning over a bucket of water. Wait. They went to cut off the heads. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. Opie is now leaning over a bucket. The smell has walked into the studio. Oh, God. Dude. Are they cooking? Is that what the smell is? Yes. It's brutal. It's brutal. Hey, go out there. No, I- Just go out there. No, no. Go out there. No, no, no. Hey, guys. You think that was bad? They went to cut off the heads. I had to turn it off because my sister was eating dinner. All I heard was her start coughing. All right, Matt. Thank you. Hey, guys. All I can say is this may be sick, but this is one of your best- Oh, boy. This is one of your best shows yet, man. No, 50. No train wreck radio. This is top quality. Wait till we see the- wait till you see the pictures. No, listen. Get Rick to get the field mic on the skillet so people can hear the rat. It's turned up. It's turned up. Rick, is that the rat simmering in the pan? Yes. Listen, listen closely. Shh, shh, shh. Oh, my God. Dude, that's rat. Yeah. Yeah. Rat. Yeah. Simmering. You smell it coming through the door? Yes. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, you didn't say it could even smell it coming through the door? Yeah. And it's Jeffrey Donner. $200.00. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. $200.00 on the line, first person to puke. No, I thought it tasted very good. You'll see. All right. Thank you. I thought it tasted very good. Yeah. That's the French chef. Listen to that rat. Hold on. Is that bone? Yes. Sizzling rat. Ron, from this concert, I saw a guy with a wow sticker on his window throwing up on the side of the road on the way home earlier. Oh, God. Oh. Dennis, what's going on? Hey, O'Neil. What's up? How are you? I was going down Sunrise Highway. I was stuck in traffic, and I saw some lady throw up right out of her window, I guess, right about when she said he had the rat in his mouth. Yeah, the rat head, not the rat. I'm stuttering now. The rat head in his mouth. Yeah, she just rolled down the window and hurled, man, big chunks and everything. All right, Dennis. It was absolutely great. You guys were really loud. We were all like, oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It was great. You guys were really loud. Thank you. Oh, my God. You smell that, right? And we thought that Sarah Jessica Parker was her. Hey, guys, what's up? He's doing a flambe. He just flambed the rat. There's a three-foot flame. Everyone is... All right, Tim, what's going on? Hey, guys, how are you? Great. All right, how much of the rat is the guy going to have to eat? Just a bite or a bite? These guys will eat every single piece of it. Oh, my God. I mean, because I'm actually down near the hard rock, because I've been asking to come up in there, because I'm kind of hungry myself. No, we literally have 50 people up here, man. We can't let anyone else up today. Well, if anybody chickens out, come on up. All right, man. Thank you, Tim. I just had to do one. Oh, my God. I already did one down the hall. Open the door. Open the door. Ben is ready to puke. Ben, give me the first one. Go ahead. Go ahead. Take the puke bucket. Ben went behind the machinery there. Ben is the most squeamish. No, I can't handle this. Jeff North! Jeff, did you just... Jeff, I think Jeff just pooped. No one is looking anymore. Jeff, get on Mike. I think that Mike's still working. Oh, I smell just cooking rat. I smell just rat cooking. When are they going to put some other stuff on it like... No, no, that's okay. Look at the judo champion. Look at Gorilla Boy. Look at her paws, man. I'm not handling this too well, but you're turning green over there. It's disgusting, man. He's a combination of Joe Pesci and Mark Sick. Joe Pesci's character from Goodfellas. Can you imagine? You take the foot, the tail, skin the freaking thing, and I'm going to cook it. It's rat, man. I'll set it down tomorrow. It's caught in the grill. Yeah, it's just what your foot. It's a hoof. It's a hoof. It's Paul. I'm going to be a serial killer rat cook. Mike, what's going on? Hey, I was supposed to meet a friend for a drink. I'm too nauseous. I've got to go home. Two shots of Pepto-Pismol. I am so nauseous. Yeah, Mike. I can't believe how nauseous this radio is making me. Unbelievable. You guys are the best. Yeah, this makes us the best. Take it easy. All right. God, I forgot about that. Let's go to Mike. Mike, what's going on? Yeah, I just threw up on the side at the LIA. Yeah, well, you're not alone. I was ready to hurl again listening to you guys all yacking in the studio and stuff. I can only imagine what the hell they think in Don and Mike's studio right now because Don and Mike are broadcasting live right now and you'll hear them at 7 o'clock, the tape delay. There's just wafting rat smoke going into the studio. I don't know what the hell they must be thinking. Why don't we get Psycho Mark to prepare some rat and break into the radio show. Offer Don and Mike some rat. Yeah, get Psycho Mark in here. He's brave enough to do that. Get him. Jesus, man. This guy is the sickest athlete I've ever seen in my life. By the way, we did check his credentials and he does work for a restaurant in Alaska. Yeah, yeah. I think he's trying to just... Welcome to Hitler's Cafe. He's trying to really push us. Yeah, he's trying to push us and have fun with it. And it's working. And this is the type of bit you don't need to push it. It is what it is, but the guy figures, I don't know, really whack it up. He's scary. Is this mic on for you? Psycho Mark, talk to him. Yeah, I'll talk to him. Yeah, talk to him. All right, dude, this is what we want you to do. All right, when the rat is prepared, okay? When the rat is prepared... I'm starting like crazy now. We want you to put it on some of the bread that the chef's brought and stuff, okay? And prepare a really nice plate. And we want you to break into Don and Mike's studio. They're broadcasting live from New York today. They'll be on tape delay starting at 7. We want you to offer them some of the rat. Okay, horrific. All right, will you do that for us? Knock on the door and everything? Okay, cool. Also, since Psycho Mark's in the studio, there is an email directed towards him. Psycho Mark, which is worse, the smell of fried rat or the feel of man junk in your blindfolded hand? I don't know. Gee, let me have to think that one out for a while. I'm cool. A lot of people calling us pussies. Well, you know what? Then call me a pussy, man. You should see Gorilla Boy, the judo expert with the arms that are bigger than my goddamn thighs. And he's whimpering in the corner like a little schoolgirl at this point. Yeah, go ahead. Come here. I'll put you on a... Look at his eyes. They're all watery, man. You're ready to go. I never smell nothing like that. I can't get the shivery heebie-jeebie thing. You know, like when you do a shot, you go like, brr, you get like the shakes? That's how I feel. Only like nauseous too. I'd rather sniff Star Jones' sweaty pants. Know what we should do? We should make tapes of this broadcast and sell it as a weight loss program. Yeah, I defy you to eat. Yeah, you want to stuff your mouth with ho-hos, you put the ONA weight loss tape on. You won't freaking eat every... I'm not going to eat all weekend. Screw tonight, I'm not eating all weekend. If they just came in with rat meat cooked, like White Castle, it wouldn't bother me. That would be bad enough. But to see the guys... Get Butchi in here from the Radio Chick show. Butchi, come in here, because he's just losing out there too. Butchi is... Butchi, this is the only mic that works right now. Butchi was hanging with me, man. Butchi, what's going through your mind right now? You know, I'm not too squeamish, to be honest. That's what Annihilator said. We could take a lot, but today, forget it. When he put the thing in his mouth, that was... and now the scent... You know, we were just saying, yeah, it could be beef, it could be chicken, but just knowing that... It's rat. You're smelling rat. Yeah. That's what's bad about it. All right, hold on. Okay, hold on, Anthony. It's going to get a little more interesting. Oh, God! All right, hold on, we've got to get to ours. Don't curse, don't curse. I didn't curse, I didn't curse. Look, look. He just brought in the plate with the rat, prepared rat. It's rat on some kind of... what are they, croutons? They're croutons, guys. They're croutons, guys. Crouton, a little sliced bread. Sliced tomatoes. Sliced tomatoes and rat meat. And... Oh, what kind of... Oh, my God, you are... What kind of sauce is that? Black pepper sauce? Pepper corn. Pepper corn sauce, and it's got tomato rosettes, and some kind of lemon-skinned rosette. What do you call your dish, French Chef? The Sammy the Bull Gravano. Would that be good? What do you call it? Rat toast. Rat ravioli. Rat toast. Rat toast. Rat toast. It's rat toast. Yeah, au poivre. You want a wing? Au poivre. Oh, au poivre. I love steak au poivre. Exactly. It's fantastic. Wait, wait, get a little side dish so you can bring it into down at Mike's studio before we start eating it. Maybe I should go there and give it to him. All right, what do you... You want to go in there now with... Here, we got to wire Mark so we can get this on the radio. Yeah, because we got to be able to hear what's going on. What's the matter, Henry? You want a foot? What about a hoof? You want a wing? What's the matter, Henry? All right, French Chef, just... Oh my God, I got to take a look at this. Just get it closer. No, don't come too close because I swear I will barf. This is no bit anymore. Wait, come a little closer. Just a little, little, little. Dude, look at it. Oh my God. It's so good. I must say, if it was like, let's say steak... Yeah, it would look very good. It would look very good. That's all I'm going to say. No, it's rad. You can't get over it. And the smell is just horrific. You got to pick at these beautifully carved tomatoes, these fruit... Yeah, it's very nicely presented. He's presented it very nicely. And rad. All right, Ben, get the guys that are going to eat the rad ready. We're going to bring them in the studio in a minute here. Oh my God. Okay. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh no. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. What happened? Dude, he's sticking his nose in the rat and I feel obligated that I've got to crack him in the head with that freaking handle. This one? Psycho Mark. And now that it's blocked. Testicles. Testicles. Do you have enough mic cord? Yeah, I've got plenty. All right, listen, this is what you're going to do. Jesus. Let me explain what's going on before we bring the guys in to eat the rat. We want to welcome Don and Mike to New York to broadcast in live, again, Studio B. Studio B, our broadcast facility. They're on tape delay starting at 7. We figured that we would bring in a plate of rat to welcome them to New York. So Psycho Mark's got the microphone. You've got enough cord, right? Yeah, I've got it. All right, listen, we're not going to be able to hear, so you're going to have to use that mic and get the room sound and stuff. Don't rely on their mics because we won't hear anything. All right, we got it. You're the only live mic. Psycho Mark, explain what's going on. I'm walking over right now, right outside the door, and I'm about to enter the Don and Mike studio. Okay. And are we all set? We're ready with the rat? Jesus. All right, here we go. Are we going to retake with them or are we just going to walk right in? No, walk right in. All right, here we go. Since when do you get cool? Knock. All right, they're doing a bit. They're doing a bit. Sorry. Sorry to interrupt. I stepped out of the room, man. Yeah, yeah. Grazie. Mi fa la vitto. Okay, see you. All right, they're doing some weird little bit. What happened? Hey, guys. Wait a minute. We've been invaded here for a second. Okay. All right, we've been invaded. All right, here. Hi. Howdy, boys. Hi. Howdy, boys. Hi. I know what I've heard about what you boys are up to today. We are cooking some nice, fluffy New York rat. Right? We thought we'd share with you some delicious rats. Not a friggin' chance. We have one man who will do this. This is for you. You will not eat it. Come on, Rob. Hey, where's... Good speed, Rob. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. Come on, Rob. Eat the rat. All right, don't do that, Rob. But I don't think my nutritionist would have put that in there. I don't think my nutritionist would have put that in there. I don't think my nutritionist would have put that in there. All right, Rob. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. Come on, Rob. Eat the rat. All right, don't do that, Rob. But I don't think my nutritionist would approve. All right, Rob is going to eat. All right. He's going to eat the rat? I'm sure we'll eat the rat. We got Rob Spiewak ready to eat. Oh, no. Here he goes. Oh, that was the crunch of the rat. How does it taste, Rob? Oh, how does it taste? It tastes like chicken. All right, you guys are great sports. Oh, my God. Rob Spiewak. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Rob Spiewak just ate rat. Rob ate the rat? It tastes like chicken. Did he cringe or anything? He ate it. Did he cringe? No, he actually enjoyed it. He looked like he was just sitting down for tea. You know why? He didn't see the whole procedure. He's very, very lucky. So it just looks like some type of meat. Yeah. All right, well, let's, let's, is that mic working too? We got all the mics working in the studio or? All right. All right. You want to take a quick break and then we'll get, all right, that's what we have to do. Oh. This is what's going on. I'm going to vomit. I dare you to turn off the radio now. I'm going to puke, I swear. The rat has been prepared. What happened to the Jeffrey Dahmer chef? Jeffrey is in the process of cooking his meat now. It's going to take a while. It's going to take a while, huh? He used to be his cousin. All right, and we'll take a very quick break here. Yeah, please. When we come back, the French chef who prepared his dish very nicely. Yes. He's ready to go. Six to eight of our listeners that will be trying the rat and the Jeffrey Dahmer dish. I could only imagine what that's going to look like. We'll check in with him next as well. So right after these listeners eat rat. Howard, by Opie and Anthony. Owned by Infinity Broadcasting. She is one of his brothers. WNW, New New York. Data catch. All right, Anthony, we're back. Yeah. What a day, what a day, what a day. See Andrew on line one says if the rat smells bad, then it's not cooked right. No, it doesn't smell bad. It smells like cooking meat. But the fact that I know that it is indeed rat has me a little flustered and a little. A little queasy. I'll tell you what's going on here. When you're at a barbecue and you smell like chicken burning, you're like, oh, that's chicken burning. Yeah. They put a little steak on the grill. Oh, wow. Steak. Can't wait to have some. Yeah. I've never smelled that smell before. Rat. That's rat cooking. That is what the problem is. Does it? I mean, it's a smell that I've never smelled before. Oh, it's not like the smell of a rotting rat. It's just the smell of a rat cooking that we're not used to smelling. Jeff Norris is going to lose it. We all have side bets who's going to lose it first. I almost lost it during commercials. Ben, without a doubt, if he walks out of the studio again, will barf it. Just imagine a big, fat, greasy rat served up in a dirty ashtray. All right. Well, let's get to the... Look at Spaz. He looks like a zombie. Spaz, you are really pale. You OK? Spaz, grab a mic. Look at him. He's all... He's totally white. You guys don't understand. He's whiter than he usually is. I will not eat for the rest of the weekend. Spaz, what's up, man? You OK? He doesn't feel good. Get over there. Get over there. He's all white. He had a tan before. Look how white he is. Take off that mic. You OK? You're a weakling, please. Yeah. I kind of feel clean. You OK? Yeah. You OK? Yeah. You OK? Yeah. You OK? Yeah. Yeah. I kind of feel queasy and stuff and weak. I know what he means. I got this... He's got like a green tint to him. Yeah. You're really pale. Spaz, you want to try to... Maybe you should puke. Here, get him a pill. Take care of our buddy. Spaz, you know how to get rid of it? Take a deep breath of that nice rat cooking smell. Ah, breathe deep. The pal's to your right. Imagine stuffing so much rat meat in your mouth that it starts getting in the back of your throat like when you're gagging on your toothbrush or something. Blech. Blech. Wow, look at him. Hey, look at him. Big, big... Get the bucket under him. Get the bucket under him. Get the bucket under him. ...big chunk of fatty rat meat. Mmm, mmm. Eww! All right, get out of here. Take the bucket and get out of here. Go down at the studio. No, go, go, go. Get the bucket. Get out of my mouth. Take bird. I think... I think Spaz is ralphing. I almost made myself cute. So many people on the line calling us pussies. Whatever, you can call me whatever you want today. I don't give a rat's ass. Who's eating rat ass? All right, let's... Are all the mics working so I know? I'm going to take over. I'm going to take over. Five, no, working. Take it easy, Jeff. Did you shake that guy's hand or touch him in any way? No, I'm not touching anybody. I'm not touching anybody. No, no, no, Jeff. Jeff, thank you. Thanks for the robot. It's not personal because if OP came over and wanted to shake my hand, I would not have done that. I'm not touching anybody or anything at this point right now. No, no, no, no. Never. Jeff Norris appearing suddenly, in a weird way, walks up to me and says, hey, what's going on? I'm not touching anybody. I'm not touching anybody. I'm not touching anybody. I'm not touching anybody. I'm not touching anybody. I'm not touching anybody. appearing Sunday at the Stress Factory in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Go see Gorilla Boy. You playing with Bob Nelson? Yeah. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. That would be nice. He's good. Has he written a new joke in ten years? Oh, I'm just kidding. Bob Nelson is great. I love that football gag he does. Okay. Go see Jeff Norris and Bob Nelson. Does he still do that? Does he do the football guy? I believe he does. It's the first time I've ever worked with him. The last. Are you kidding me? He still does the football guy? Yeah. Wow. I guess it's a classic. It is a classic. It's a classic, so you've got to go. He's like Archie Bunker. He's classic. All right. I think so. So right when he says, you can get seriously killed, like everyone laughs like it's the first time they ever heard it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, fellas. Joy to the rat. Jeff Norris, everyone. All right, Rick, what do we got going on? I think you're the most sane one around here right now. All right. Everybody's pretty much itching to get some rat meat in. I can't take it. And Jeffrey Dahmer is done cooking. Why don't we get the two chefs on mic three? Let's get them in first. I would starve if I was stranded somewhere and had to eat like rat. I would just starve. I'd be dead. Bye. Goodbye. All right. So we got people from the soccer team and the Andes that crashed alive. How did they eat each other? Like it's a rat. Imagine doing it to people. No, it's got to be over there somehow, some way. I don't care what mic works, what doesn't work. Talk into the air. It's got to be away from me or I will vomit. All right. There's a drastic difference between the chef's work of art, Anthony. Yeah. The French chef, he really took his time to prepare a very nice dish, Anthony, with the rat. Jeffrey Dahmer also took a lot of time to prepare a, what do you call that? Lemon basil rat. Lemon basil rat. Can I see it just lifted up and tilted toward you? No, you don't have to come over. Oh my God. It tastes wonderful. By the way, we got a S-load of video. I ate this. It was delicious. Okay. All right. Okay, I guess we're ready. I guess we'll bring the listeners in and they'll decide which one they want to try, right? Is that the way to do it? Maybe they could try both and vote who's the best. Who's running for this one? Like in Ready, Set, Cook, Opie. You want to do that? Yeah. Are you guys willing to try both dishes? No. No? No. These guys. No. No? You saw the side be picked. Opie, I am. All right, hold on. We want to talk to all you guys. You got to talk one at a time, though. Okay? The funny thing is that when this whole process started, way before they saw what happens and everything, they were all gung-ho. And now look at them. They're all like, get me the hell out of here. No, no, it's not that. We all want to eat it. It's just that we're kind of weird. Jeffrey Dahmer kind of scared us in the process. The Jeffrey Dahmer cook. Yeah. Kabuki. He would have told us what's going on with how he's preparing it. All right. Well, we have six of you guys eating it. Matt, Ben, Mike, Brian, April and another Brian. Is that true? That's right. All right. Who wants to go first? How about this? I'll eat a piece before any of you guys. I'll eat it. I'll eat it. All right. The Jeffrey Dahmer, the chef, why don't you eat a piece of your... Eat a piece of rat. All right. Here is... This is from the rib cage. It's a very delicate piece of meat. It's tender. It's wonderful. Are you ready? I'm sorry. Oh, my God. Chewing it. It's delicious. It's delicious. High-scale, dirty dinner. Oh, my God. It's tender. It's like a chicken cutlet. What does it taste like? Like rat. It doesn't taste like chicken, right? No, actually it tastes like my old friend that... No, I'm just kidding. Seriously. It tastes like lemon and basil. What does it taste like? There's no meat that it's similar to in texture or taste or chicken. I would say chicken. Chicken. No, actually no, beef because it's more stringier than beef. It's stringy? It's good. You want to see? No. No, no, no. Just swallow the damn piece. It's done. Swallowed. Delicious. You know the rag that you have on your shoulder has rat blood on it, right? Yes. Thank you. I just wanted to point that out. So, okay. So, you have any blood on me? No, no. There's a drastic difference between the two chefs here. The styles, yeah. The Jeffrey Dahmer chef, blood all over his uniform, and he had blood all around his mouth when he put the rat's head in his mouth. You ever see Motel Hell? It takes all kinds of critters to make Farmer Johnson fritters. Yeah. All right. That's what it seems like. It seems like they cook out of like, like he used a chainsaw. All right. Let's, uh... Not at all. I use a knife. Do we have pails for the guys, just in case? There should be a bucket nearby. They can use my hat. We've got a wolf. Can we compare? All right. Why don't we... Yeah, we were hoping you two would compare and maybe vote what your best rat dish is. We can do that. Yeah, we need... I don't know if it's fair. All right. Hold on. Hold on. We need a lot of you guys to try both dishes and decide which is better. Then we have to clear the pallet with some whores. Yeah, which is, uh... All right. All right. Okay. Terrific. All right. Hold on. Hold on. Let's, uh, one at a time. Okay. Terrific. One at a time. Who's, uh... Wait. What's your name, dude? Mike. Mike. Mike, wait. Get our mic. Oh, sorry, man. Okay. We want to give you a little credit. Where you from? You know, a little, uh... I think we talked earlier. I'm from Mayapak. Yeah, okay. You're the Mayapak guy. Yeah, right. And I'm licking my face. And I totally dig you guys from Boston, by the way. Oh, right. Boston. Right on. There's a type of stuff that guy got his cake out of Boston. So, uh... All right. So, Mike's got the, uh... The French chefs who have a rat dish. And he's eating it. He's chewing it. What do you think? Very nice. What does it taste like? What does it taste like? Fillet mignon. Is it good? No, for real. I really want to give you an honest opinion. I'm not a food connoisseur, but... It's really not that different from beef. Beef? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. All right. Like, maybe, um... Like, Chinese food beef? You know, because he's got it with the tomato and whatever it is, that gives the flavor. But I don't know food, but it's not chicken, that's for sure. Okay. More of a beefy... All right. You want to try, uh, Jeffrey Dahmer's dish? Yeah. You know what? Mike? I'll be a little hesitant, but I'll take it just to be fair. All right. You guys decide which one you like. Don't, don't, don't vote. Just take a piece of meat. Don't tell, uh... Tell the listeners which one you like better. Okay. Fair enough. All right. Here comes, uh, Mike. He's taking a piece. Where did Anko? He's hiding in the corner. All right. You know what? You know what? You know what? I can't... Opie, I just want to point out that I got a piece of Jeffrey Dahmer's... Yeah. ...in my hand, and I do have a hair. Oh, God. I want to know about the hair first. That needs some Mujan. And I still, you know... I'm pulling the hair. You got anybody got some tweezers? Maybe I can't grab the... There is hair. I see it from there. You saw that, right? I got it, Mike. All right. He's chewing the other one. Swallow it down. You need a chaser. What do you think? Yeah. What's he looking for? It's on my back. Can you just spit it out? I just spit... Oh, God. All right. This is a good one. Oh, okay. Oh, man. Okay. He obviously didn't like... Boy, guess which dish he liked better. What happened there? All right, guys. Bukid. Is it Bukid? Is it Bukid? Get that on video. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. Well, it's a good thing. Shut him up. He just walked away from the microphone. He walked away and put his head in a bucket. What's going on over there, Rick? I'm okay. He's all right? All right. All right. He's fighting back. He's fighting. He's slumped over the garbage bin. I would love... I guess we're going to have to wait and see why there was a problem with Jeffrey Dahmer's version of The Rat. I don't think he's ready to talk. He's going to get a little light. Let us know what's going on. Let's get to the next guy on the radio. I am so close to throwing up. I got to tell you. All right. What's your name, buddy? way you just like gagging yeah you're on the verge of just absolutely losing it to where I am oh my god what happened there what happened there yeah yeah that's gonna start a chain reaction he just booed it look I'm really feeling queasy I'm really feeling queasy oh my god sorry fellas dude I'm moving around like King Gimp right now look at him, he's over in the corner yeah look I am in the corner and there's a reason for that and also I want to tell everybody right now I love you guys thank you for coming down but I swear to Christ I'm not shaking anyone's hand like I know there would be no patting on the back, there would be nothing, no contact whatsoever I want to be in a plastic bubble right now and the next time we see you guys out in public, make believe you don't even know us no problem or say you're on the show checking out strippers or something just never ever bring up the rat thing ever ever again okay so let's get a vote here because one guy has finished both, the French chef he ate it and said it tasted like beef, not too much different than beef the tomato added a nice flavor to it and the Jeffrey Dahmer dish he vomited well let's ask Mike, he's done from doing his thing what does Jeffrey Dahmer's rat taste like? like I said I really really wanted to be fair about this dude but it sucks what did it taste like? uh ass Evan you know what that was better than that I might well be because of that is that what it is? that's the only reason why I might consider a man's ass right there watch the cursing Jeffrey Dahmer getting a little upset about his dish he says I'm good, he goes good then I'll eat the effing rat I'm not a center-all I'll eat the rat and then I'll cut your head off and stuff you in a barrel can I make a prediction here? I'm not a clairvoyant but there's what six of us? two, four, six, seven who ate? seven of us wait, my way seven of us are here to eat and I see there's six more left of French guys and a pile full of whatever over there and I can guarantee you that at least four of the seven, more than 50% will have the feeling and at least at the very minimum be nauseous at the taste of that alright, well let's see what happens now Jeffrey Dahmer, we gotta be calm, be cool it's one man's opinion how about the next guy step up wait, you don't have any weapons on you right now, right? no, just just a rat tail ok, very good alright, who's next to try the rat? I guess I am what's your name, buddy? Brian from Jersey hey Brian, representing Jersey are you ready for this? are you as psyched as you were like an hour and a half ago? absolutely ok Anthony Brian from Jersey wonderful I'd rather go with the French guy at last but since he's standing here alright alright, he's eating the rat prepared by the French chef holy shit he is chewing, his face is he's doing ok he's like, you know, taking it for all it's worth he's doing ok he's doing ok you know, it's the bread a little swallow the bread is a good part of it what's the spices on there? it's pepper sauce pepper sauce oh wow alright, what do you think, Brian? I think it's better than the stuff they stand on the streets with ok I don't think he had a problem with the French chef he liked the French and what would you equate it with? what type of meat? those little skewers that you get at a mall when they're standing there yeah, like that kind of a almost like you know, you're not really sure what kind of meat it is but it's sort of a it's got spices in it I got ya ok are you brave enough to try Jeffrey Darm? let him clean his palate with a little water or something wine? a little wine oh yes, wine of course, we forgot about the wine the wine for the listeners we don't have a spoon or anything I gotta dig my hand in that mess we do have pictures of the two dishes, right? because you guys are laughing you see the fingerprints on the website what do you suggest here, Chef? this big lump of bone or what? well, that's a thigh that's the rat thigh if you're so brave, grab it and put it in your mouth I'm gonna be the lucky one to take this big lump Jeffrey Dahmer's getting pissed there's a bone in there alright, don't get pissed not at all watch out, there's a bone in there that's a huge piece that's a big piece I would go like this I would go like this like a chicken wing yeah, just like a chicken junk steak wait, he's gotta pull the meat off a bone? yeah, sure ahhhh alright, Brian can I take an onion or anything with this? there's onions on the plate whatever you got watch your bib is falling down yeah, you're gonna need that bib here he goes okay, he's got the bone in his mouth he's stripping it like a chicken wing god damn it oh my god oh my god oh my god he can't get the bone out he can't get the bone out what's going on? he's just into it alright, what do you think? this one's a little fatty and I'm concerned about my body and all hey, that looks rare it may be bleeding oh, it is bleeding oh my god okay, hold the friggin' phone maybe that could have been cooked a little better you know when you get a wing, Anthony that wasn't cooked enough and you get near the bone and the meat's a little raw that's what I'm talking about that's what I'm talking about that's what I'm talking about that's what I'm talking about that's what I'm talking about that's what I'm talking about I'm not listening to you that's what happened with Brian I am not listening I hope he, by the way, the bone breaks off when he's trying to pull it out of your teeth thank you, Brian alright, so what do you think, Brian, of Jeffrey's dish? I didn't order medium rare yeah I would definitely go with the French guy's bread oh, I'm delicious but how did his taste? how did Jeffrey Dahmer's taste? but you know, I like dry heaving are you like an ex-Marine or something? there's a few of you guys here no, no no, okay two down Mike, you were an ex-Marine? I'm an army and I ate bugs and that stuff is bad yeah, we got USMC right over here that would be me yeah, cool so, Brian, no, you're not going to have an opinion on that? no dry heaving, nothing, you're okay no, not at the moment okay alright, yeah well, let's move on to the next part he liked the French chefs also alright, Anthony, we got a lovely young lady in the studio well, it's for the French chef this would be April, right? yes you're going to be the French chef this would be April, right? yes, April hi April, where are you calling from? I'm calling from, no, I've lost it well, right now I'm calling from the studio I'm sorry, where are you from? I reside in Long Island, but I'm originally from Virginia okay, what part of Long Island? vagina no, Virginia now I'm out in Mastiff now, way out east lovely lady, ready to try the French chef's rat dish I can't believe you're brave enough to do that yeah, it's the French chef okay, so you're not going to be able to eat the red fish I'm going to be able to eat the red fish oh, okay so, this is the French chef yeah okay, so you're going to be able to eat the red fish I'm going to be able to eat the red fish Now I'm out in Mastic now. Way at ease. A lovely lady ready to try the French chef's rat dish. I can't believe you're brave enough to do that. Here she goes. Don't drop any rat. Okay, let her rip. Putting it in her mouth. And she's chewing, she's chewing, she's chewing. She's chewing. Her face is in the... Her face is in the... Oh, she's like, oh, it's good. She likes it. Hey, Mikey. What does it taste like, April? Um... It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. Um... Pepper, yeah? Yeah, I'd say beef. Yeah. Beef? Yeah. Like a lot of people saying beef. Like good beef. Yeah. It's cooked well. Pretty tender. Yeah. Are you brave enough to take the Jeffrey Dahmer challenge? Oh. The Jeffrey Dahmer challenge, yeah? I guess I have to. Well, it's the only way to really be fair. Yeah, it's like a fraternity in here. I mean, whoever doesn't do the Jeffrey Dahmer challenge is going to get whipped. Take the smallest piece. So is this like Survivor? We get to vote someone out? Right there. Take that little piece right there. Yeah, whoever doesn't do the Jeffrey Dahmer challenge gets voted out. Whoever gets the most pukes gets voted out. All right, she's got a piece of the Jeffrey Dahmer dish. She's already cringing. She's got it in her mouth. She is making some weird faces. She's okay. She's... What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? Remember what it was? It's edible? It's edible. Okay, that's a start. It's chewy, though. Chewy? Not as flavorful? I like the French guys better. Ah, the French chef? Three. And Jeffrey Dahmer? It's okay. I have to be fair to him. It's okay. It's not bad? Yeah, it's not bad. Mike, you might have gotten like the rat ass or something. I did, but I'm still three for... All right, let's see what happens. You didn't get the rat ass. The rat ass is on the table outside. Yeah, it was in his mouth earlier. All right, April, thank you. You're welcome. She did a very good job, Anthony. Thank you for being fair. All right, who's next? I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. I'm going to go with the French chef. Anthony, what is it? Four. Four. You know what? For the French chef and Jeffrey Dahmer. You know what that's like? That's like when you go to the strip club and there's a really ugly girl and you give her the I care for you because you really bad dollar. We love it, man. That's good. We gave you the courtesy dollar. That's what we did. We had no choice but to give it to courtesy. I guess they gave that to you. All right. Mike and Jeffrey Dahmer. Easy. They definitely have a problem with each other. No problem. They have a problem with each other. We're all friends here. Jeffrey Dahmer is taking it very personally. It's just the blood on your shoulder that I have a problem with. No, it's the blood on your head. Okay. All right. Don't worry about it. He's just got a bloody rag on his head. All right. Okay. Who's next? It's all good. It's all good, brother. All right. It's all good, all right. I think he's the next one that's wrong. We got three to go, Anthony. All right. We got three to go, Anthony. All right. We got three to go, Anthony. Who's up next? Jamie. Jamie? Yep. Hi, Jamie. Where are you calling? I keep saying where you're from. Connecticut. All right. Good. He's got the French chef's rat. I've lost consciousness at this point. All right. He's got the French chef's rat in his mouth, Anthony. Jamie from Connecticut. He's chilling. He's got a bone. You can hear it. Oh, that's not a good thing. That's not a good thing. He's crunching the bone in his mouth. That's not a good thing. It's good. It's good? You like it? Beefy? Yep. Beefy. Would you like to try some without a bone? It didn't have a bone. It was crushed. No. We'll give you the bone after. All right. Jamie likes the French chef's rat. All right. Now, Jamie, you're ready to take the Jeffrey Dahmer challenge. I guess I have to. Okay. I guess I might have to. All right. So Jamie from Connecticut has a piece of rat in his mouth. He's going to take the French chef's rat. All right. So, Jamie, you're ready to take the French chef's rat. All right. All right. So, Jamie, you're ready to take the French chef's rat. All right. So, Jamie from Connecticut has a piece of Jeffrey Dahmer's rat, and he's putting it in his mouth. He's chewing. He's chewing. He's licking his fingers. Finger-licking good. It's not horrible. It's not horrible. I like the spice on the French guy. It's better, though. Yeah, the pepper sauce. Yes. Oh, plop. I'm going for the French guy. Going for the French guy. All right. French guy. All right. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. All right. All right. Are you guys enjoying the wine and stuff that that other guy brought back? Definitely. What wine? Is the wine going well with the rat? Yeah, wine goes well with rat, that type of wine? Sure. Yeah. Are we finished with people eating rat? No. Why? No, we still have... Okay. Why? No, I wanted to finish the dish. Because he doesn't want to go all for seven. What do you mean, finish the dish? What do you mean, finish the dish? Oh, I was going to eat it. Oh, eat the rest of it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, eat the rest of it? All right. Who's up next? I'm Matt. Hi, Matt. How are you? Good. How are you doing? Where are you from? I'm from Jersey as well. All right. Very good. I'm the ex-marine. I've done this before. You've done this before? Not with spices. That's the only difference. Have you eaten just cooked rat? On a bet. On a bet? Yeah. Did you puke? No. How was it prepared? Burnt. Just burnt? Burnt over fire? Yeah. Oh, my God. He'll finish first. He's going to have no problem with this. That's obvious. This is fun. This is fun. He's chewing. Semper Fi. Semper Fi. Semper Fi, yeah. All right. He had no problem with that. There he goes. Now he's going to go for the Jeffrey Dahmer challenge. Well, he's got a swallow, though. Not bad. Not bad. Very nice. Very nice. Improvise, adapt, overcome. I'd like to kill them myself. Yeah, right? I like, you know, biting the throats out of them first. All right, he's getting a piece of... Taking the Jeffrey Dabber challenge. Yes. An unidentifiable piece. Yeah, really. With fat. It's right by the ass and the balls. It's right next to the yam bag. It's right next to the yam bag. It's very tender. It's delicious. It's right next to the yam bag. It's delicious. Okay, I'm thoroughly convinced. It's a very delicious piece. The chef who was supposed to appear is lying dead on a subway platform somewhere. I had his back. And who is he, your brother? He snuck by Bellevue somewhere and grabbed the whites on the way out the door. Sure I did. All right, so... Sure I did, but I got your identity. So he's eating a pretty much rat yam bag right now, Anthony. Close enough, isn't he? Yeah. A little bone. That might be the ass piece. Oh my God, I can't watch this. That was an ass bone. But in all honesty... Yeah? Yeah. Not bad. Pretty good. It's a little salty, but it does have some flavor to it. Salty? Salty. Salty could be from the blood, I'm not sure. No, that was the rat sweating before I cut his throat. Oh God, this is so predominantly... Oh no, it's not that bad. But I do give it to the French. But a lot of people started saying... No animosity. No animosity, I appreciate it. He's ready to explode, man. We will see him on America's Most Wanted this weekend, Saturday. Absolutely. Anthony, what is the total at this point? The French Chef? Six. Okay. Jeffrey Dahmer. We have our final rat eater. Thank God. The sooner we get past this, the better. All right. Tequila. Oh yeah, we got some Cabo Labo with tequila. I would like to take your dish. Is that possible? Yeah, hold on. We got the last rat eater. Last rat eater. Last rat eater. What's your name, man? Ben. Hi, Ben. Connecticut. Ben, how ironic. He's chewing the French Chef's dish. Yeah, that was pretty good, man. That was pretty good. Yeah. It doesn't taste like beef, like everybody's saying. Yeah, beef. I wasn't expecting people to say it tastes good. It was good. Man. All right, how about the Jeffrey Dahmer challenge, which has made one of our contestants puke already today. Oh my God. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. What he just did, Opie. He took the Jeffrey Dahmer plate, the paper plate, with the juices and everything. He took the juices and the rat meat and juices, folded the plate in half and let it all cascade into his mouth. Chasing with tequila. And he's chasing it with some Cabo Wabo tequila. He folded the plate, juice, meat, everything went cascading into his mouth. I got the second plate. Oh no, he's going to do the whole thing. Oh my God. Now the Chef is going to try, Jeffrey Dahmer is going to try the French Chef's dish. Even though I chugged that plate, I don't know. The French Chef's is better, but the Chef from Riker's is still good. Seven. We're going to taste Mox. It's official, it's a shutout. It looks very good. Jeffrey Dahmer is trying the French Chef's rat dish. Oh my God, it's crawling around my tongue. Is it good? No, no. Very good. Security. Yeah Mike. Security. Mike. Open up for nothing. Not for nothing. Not for nothing. Not for nothing. Excuse you. Were you invited? Excuse you. Alright, you two. You two play nice. Not for nothing. Yeah. I was really giving the benefit of the doubt earlier. Well, seven people will go. I would only go four for seven. Who would have thought that a mere hour or half hour ago that I was seven for seven on such a bad dish. Oh, he's doing the same thing. He folded the plate and have juice, rat, everything. Enough with the rat. I've had it. I've totally had it at this point. Peter would be happy to know that no rat went to waste today, Anthony. No, they ate every bit of the rat. And its pelts will be used as a little purse and its bones will be used for science. Alright, it's tail. I want to let you know, open Anthony, thanks for having us down to eat some rat. No problem. Besides the fact that I ate both dishes and judged it fairly and had some great wine, I'm about to drink some Cabo Wabo. Cabo Wabo, the number one drink of the winner and the loser. That's such good tequila. Outstanding. Winner, loser, loser. But honestly. We're all winners. Let's hear it for all the rat eaters today. We're all winners here. Wow. Ponderous. F'ing ponderous. We're all winners. You're all winners is right. Okay. Alright, that's great. Can we get every bit of rat and rat eaters. I would love the studio just flushed of rats. There's still one left. I think we've got some strippers for you guys for being good sportsmen. They'll give you a little show out in the lobby lounge area. Get the ladies started and we'll join the party in a minute or two here. Once again, you guys did a great job with the rat today. I want to thank the two chefs for coming down today. I would applaud your business because no one is going to go there. French Chef, thank you. No, no. We won't talk about that. French Chef, thank you very much. Jeffrey Dahmer, thank you very much. Okay, why is he coming near me? Don't snap my neck. No, there's no touching. We don't touch anyone. No touching. Alright, hold on. We'll talk off the air. No touching. We're in the middle of the show. I swear. I will. Thank you. No, no, no. I'm not touching anybody. I'm bloody. We're going to take a break. We're going to go to the phone and see what everyone is thinking out there. We've got some strippers and we'll play What Did We Learn and all that crap. Stay there. Opie. Come here. Their psychosis is all real. This is not an act. Under. F'ing under. 1027 WNEW. Alright, and the weekend upon us. A lot of people looking for things to do this weekend. Did we take the wind out of Survivor's sales by doing this? I think so. The whole reason we did this today is because our new favorite show on CBS. CBS, believe it or not, the first time I'm talking about a show on CBS. Survivor. Survivor. I'm completely hooked. The air two weeks so far. Next week they have people eating rats. We decided to beat them to the punch and have some of our listeners eat rat today. There's no way on TV, even with pictures, it can be as horrific as what went down here today. Correct. They're not going to show them actually hunting down the rats and killing them and cooking them, skinning them and eating them like that. Right. God, am I nauseous. Well, enough of that. People looking for things to do. I'm going to go on before we even start the live read for what we have to do here. I'm going to encourage everyone to go see, I would love to say my favorite comedian, but then the other comedians that are friends of the show will get really pissed off. So I'll just say he's one of the top five favorite comedians of OPI. Jeffrey Dahmer, the chef. No? Brian Regan. Oh, Brian Regan, yes, of course. Who had a tough gig today trying to inject some comedy into this show. Into death. And he did a great job with it and I know he's listening. I want to thank him again for stopping by. It was a tough gig today. Yeah. But he's playing Rascals. He's playing Ocean Township Rascals tonight for two shows. I'm telling you, you will laugh your yam bag off. I promise you that. And if you don't call me up on Monday and say you didn't laugh, I'll be very surprised about it. You'd have to be a Vulcan. So it's Brian Regan tonight, Ocean Township for two shows, the Rascals, Ocean Township or tomorrow night, West Orange Rascals for two shows. Call Rascals for ticket info. I'm imagining that the tickets are going fast. Okay, Ed? So when you call up and they say they're sold out, sorry you missed your chance, you're still going to have to do something. Yeah, and there's the segue for Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. That's right. You want something to do in New York, you go out and you go to the newsstand and you get Time Out New York. It'll jump right at you. It's at every newsstand, prominently displayed. It has thousands of things to do. Get a hold this week's Time Out New York. You'll never believe what's happening on the Lower East Side. Everything from new restaurants to boutiques to galleries. The issue is chock full of information to get ready for the summer, including a rundown of the best garden, courtyard and rooftop restaurants, a complete pullout calendar of the Central Park Summer Stage concert schedule and a roundup of sample sales for stocking up on summer clothes. I can get some clothes. For a subscription, give a call 1-888-GET-T-O-N-Y. Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. 1-888-GET-T-O-N-Y. Get it and get out. Opie and Anthony. Fudge, ladies and gentlemen. You guys are really funny and stuff, but you guys take it too far to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Go take a mitle. Man, that sweeper makes tests today, huh? Hell yeah. Woo! And for the record, I want to tell everyone that I have a crush on Sarah Jessica Parker. She is hot. I want to thank Sarah Jessica Parker for putting us in our place earlier today on the show. I like that. She goes right to the source. She's got some balls. That's a story for another day. If you weren't listening earlier, you missed some more cringe radio. It was very uncomfortable for you and I. Critiquing Sarah Jessica Parker's performance on the MTV Movie Awards last night and lo and behold. And I was stupid enough to say that she started to look like Ruth Buzzi. Yeah, you made fun of her looks. And then next thing you know, line two, Sarah Jessica Parker. I'm like, yeah, whatever. And then we start talking and like, oh my god, Sarah Jessica Parker. And she was putting us in our place. Check out the new season of Sex and the City on HBO. I love it. And I folded up like an ironing board. Well, we both did. I was a big pussy. She started saying stuff and I was just, yeah, you're right. I was trying to save some face, but I'm like, what are you going to do? You know, she's got balls enough to call up and defend herself to a couple of a-holes like us. Like us, so. Well, whatever. Well, and. More balls than we do. And we learned a lot today. What an educational show this was. I swear to God, today's show, if you were dialing through the stations and you came across our show, you would think Nova was now being broadcast on the radio. Oh, yeah. This was truly the Discovery Channel today. We had people eating New York City sewer rats. That you have to hold by the tail with your fist. They were huge. I know I can't stop doing that to hope just made the face that face. I keep doing it. It's like right here. I feel queasy. It is right here. There's no way of motion sick. Like I've been on a boat or something without any drama. Mean, I feel that kind of like, like queasy woozy weak flushed feeling. Yeah. All right. So, what's going on? Jay, what's going on? Oh, and I did you enjoy the festivities today? Today, Jay, today was a great show. Cool. Learned that OP's got a stuttering problem. Yeah, I do. If you saw what I saw, you would be stuttering too. I not only was I stuttering, I swear I looked just like King Gimp. I was making these movements. I was just trying to get the nauseous feeling out of my body. Well, you made it through it, guys. Thank you, Jay. Another great show. Well, Mike C. Offee from Brooklyn has a great what he learned today. What I learned on the Offee and Anthony show, when Offee's nauseous, he keeps asking people, where are you calling from when they're standing two feet in front of him? You fag. Syndication when I get my official ONA Ralph bucket. All right. Kathleen, what's going on? Hi, guys. How are you? Hey. Okay. I got two things for you. First of all, ill. Yeah. Yeah. And second of all, I really got to thank you. I was just in the crappiest mood when I got in the car. You guys have made me laugh so hard. I hope you didn't vomit. No, no, no. I have a strong affinity to you guys, apparently. Yeah. But it was just, I really got to thank you because I just really had the worst day. Everything went wrong today. The funny thing is the only one that put a smile on my face. The funniest part about the whole show is Brian Regan and trying to interject that comedy into a really nasty, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, a really nasty, gnarly situation. Dude, that's the true test of a real comedian. Yeah. He's great. I'm telling you, I'm going tomorrow night. I can't wait. I'll say hi to everyone over there. I wouldn't blame you one bit, man. As a talented guy, you can try and interject, I mean, that kind of carnage. Yeah. Well, Pete from Long Island says it. He goes, what he learned, he learned that a comedian, fried rats and strippers can unite only on the Opie and Anthony show. That's true. Oh, guys, I also got to congratulate you. The United Nations of the Insane. I got to congratulate you for your pimp hand to getting the stripper to eat it. I got to congratulate you for your pimp hand to getting the stripper to eat it. Oh, no, it was just a girl. Oh, I thought it was just a girl. Oh, no, that was just one of our listeners, April. She did a great job from Long Island. Kathleen, we got to fly. All right, go. Thank you. Bye. There goes Kathleen. Let's go to Anthony. Anthony, what did you learn on the show today? Hey, man, today? Yeah, we got to make this fast because we got a lot of people who want to check in. Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Hey, man, today? Anthony, I learned that in order to have a great radio show, you have to have a rat, a knife, and a freaking psychopath. Yeah, that guy is worrying me just a little bit. It's an indication when you can tell Spaz and King Gimpa apart. All right, thank you. Jason from River Edge, I learned the next time I need stock advice, I'm going to Mike Hawk. Yeah, Mike Hawk. Mr. Hawk. Michael Hawk. Michael Hawk. Mike Hawk. That's right. Is now the stock analyst for the program. Yeah, Jason from River Edge picked up on that too, Anthony. I learned that stockbroker Dave is dead and Mr. Hawk is his replacement. Jason from River Edge, I learned that ONA finally found out who their most famous listener was. Yeah, that's true. It's an indication when you tell us what the guy was going to do with the cat. Oops. John from Jersey, I learned not to listen to the show during supper. You guys make me sick. Do you smell what Opie and Anthony are cooking? Frank, thanks for turning me into a vegetarian. I think we probably did that today, turned a few people into vegetarians. I'm not eating all weekend. Ronnie, what's going on? What's up, you sick bastard? First of all, I want to apologize to my friend Ricky for bumping into his car after hearing that. We were making it easy at the time, but I know he's listening now. All right. And I learned that our club's so dedicated to close friend, Sarah Jessica Parker. That's a very good answer. You should hear what they're saying about you, Sarah Jessica. All right, thank you, Ronnie. Thank you, Jason. Steve, what did you learn on the show today? First thing, I learned that you guys got no balls when you're confronted by a celebrity. You are absolutely right. And second, I learned that rat tastes like beef and I want to try some. You want to try it now? Yeah, why not? All right, man. Thank you. Hey, syndication with Spads gets a normal thought in his head. Okay. Later. Jason from River Edge, I learned that there was more gagging today in the studio than in the White House during an intern interview. Brian Regan will check with the ONA list of guests before doing another show. Yeah. Brian? How you doing, guys? All right. I learned that all we need to do to feed the homeless is bring in some French chefs. Yeah, that's true. I also learned that you could shatter a front windshield with a vomit if you vomit hard enough after this one. Thank you. So syndication when? Yeah. All right, Simone, what's up? Or Simon, I don't even know. Simon? Oh, hi, this is Simone. Yeah, this is Simone. Okay, what's up? Hi, I just wanted to tell you that I learned syndication is going to come when somebody I don't know if I could even eat now. I swear. I will maybe force down a salad. A salad? Yeah. No, I probably a salad. No way. Am I eating any type of meat? I can't eat meat or anything. I couldn't think of eating anything that resembles cooked rat. Imagine getting some like beef and broccoli right now. It looks just like that. Oh, is there a scene going on out there? Yeah, we're going to go out there in a minute or two. Oh my God. Pandamonia. Chris, what's going on? What's up, guys? I'm in bulimia. Yeah, yeah, you're right. Syndication moosin. All right. I thought I could stomach everything today, but there were a few scenes that played out that I didn't need to see today. Yeah. All right, let's go to Mike. Mike, what's going on? What's going on, guys? All right. I learned I can no longer eat dinner and listen to your show at the same time. Yeah. Syndication, I got my appetite back. How sick was that today? That was disgusting, man. All right. Later. Thank you. We'll go out there in a minute. I just can't get over the thought of Mike right next door. They must be like, what is wrong with those people? Yeah, Don and Mike are eating rats. There's strippers. What do they do? We better not be missing the best part of the show. You tell those girls to save the big act. They're eating cat right now. They're eating cat. Oh, okay. We had some listeners eating rat and we got a couple strippers eating cat. Cat. Rare, I'm sure. Yes. I guess we got a couple lovely ladies from Privilege Gentleman's Club outside the studio entertaining the rat eaters, Anthony. Yes, after eating rat, nothing better than some strippers. We figured we would reward them. Doing horrible things to each other. Well, before we go out there and check out the act, I want to thank Sarah Jessica Parker for checking in today. Next week is Sarah Jessica Parker Appreciation Week. Yes. A whole week attributed to showing our love for Sarah Jessica Parker. All right, we'll do that next week. Want to thank all the rat eaters. Want to thank the chefs for coming down. Want to thank the people that brought the rats. And okay, listen. And also, it's a bad house. All right, get us some mics. We got to go out there. And seriously, guys, go see Brian Reagan. I'm telling you, have a great time. He's playing Rascal all weekend long. There's two shows tonight at the Ocean Township Rascals. You'll laugh your yam bag off. That's an ONA promise. And tomorrow night at Rascals and West Orange, I'll see you down at one of those two shows that are happening tomorrow night. Okay? Right. All right, give us some microphones. You got a mic? All right. Well, Anthony, I'm happy this is giving me the last visual I remember from today's show. I got some rat meat out of my nose. Yes, there's a connection between the two ladies right now, Anthony. They're very well connected. Two beautiful ladies from Privilege Nightclub. Privilege is located on 23rd and 11th Avenue. I'm stuttering again, Anthony, but this is for a good reason. Fantastic. Two hot blondes, hair all the way down to their butt. It's probably the best lesbian scene we've ever had outside the studio. Very nice. Very nice. Probably. What do you guys think? Anthony, we can't even describe what's going on. I think you're a bad girl. So much work. All right. Okay, that's good. Wait, wait. Anthony April, the only female listener here today, what do you think of the two girls from Privilege Nightclub? Well, I'd like to say I demand a male stripper right now. No, that ain't happening. Sorry about that. Okay, very, very nice, Anthony. I have to sneak out the toilet. Yeah. Hey, Anthony, after they're done with that, they're going to slice it up and make cookies. Looks like one of those poppin' fresh doughboys. Okay. He became a man in front of our eyes. He's got an appliance. Anthony Steve from FoundryMusic.com, documenting everything. He's going to have a very busy weekend once again. Steve, are you loving the show right now? I'm speechless. I'm really loving it. You probably didn't hear me. You want me to hold time, Anthony? Well, you know how it is. It doesn't matter. Oh, she's lubing something up. Be careful how you describe this. Okay. Wow. Okay. You've got an appliance. Yes. Wack bag, whack bag, whack bag. All I can say is one of the ladies just yelled out, look what I did to you again. Look at her. Wow. Oh, no. Screaming at the lady. Hey, how about some knocking at the back door? You want to hear Deep Purple, Anthony? Yeah, I want to hear Deep Purple knocking at your back door. I feel dirty. This guy's sick, dude. Oh, you hear him? You will hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You hear him. You like it. You like it when you stroke that. And he's like branches from the axis. That's pretty funny. He's talking to me. He's two feet from my face. Wonderful. All right. There's a TF going on with two girls, so you figure out what's going on. Anthony, let's get the hell off the radio before we get to that. Yeah, this is it. Wow. Guys, I want to thank you for being on the radio today. Wonderful, Opie. All right. I think we're still on the air. We got to get the hell out of here. I want to thank the girls from Privilege, 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. Is this the type of show people could see this weekend or what? Pretty much? Wow. Spaz is saying yes. He saw it last night? Yes, it's fantastic. Okay, very cool. So we got that. And there's really nothing else to say. I want to just thank Rick for producing the show today. He was working his ass off and Ben and Spaz and Stinky with one arm. He came back to work today for this mess. And of course, the person that made all this possible, Sara Jessica Parker. That's right. Sara Jessica Parker, we love you wherever you are. Have a great weekend. I'll see you guys at Brian Reagon tomorrow night. If not, we'll see you on the radio Monday at 2. All right. The Opie and Anthony show. There's a good example of poor programs. All right, Anthony, before we leave, we have to talk about the razor roller board scooter from the Sharper Image. Yes, everyone enjoying these things around the studio. And you see them all over the streets now. People, kids, teens and adults just having a blast riding these things around for fun and even commuting on the thing. And if I can interrupt for a second. Yes, Opie. The two lovely ladies from Privilege, General Mist Club, outside just putting on an incredible act. They have discovered new things to do with the razor roller board scooter. Really? Yes. With the adjustable locking steering arm? Yes. Yeah, how about that? I never thought you could ride it that way. Just when you thought you figured out every possible way to use the razor roller board scooter, the fine ladies at Privilege have found a couple new ones in a brand new way. I'm not sure if the Sharper Image would like to make it part of these libraries. No, but for our own pleasure, what the hell. Okay, sorry, Anthony. You were saying, yes, the razor roller board scooter, gleaming stainless steel, all aluminum and aluminum inline scooter. It's sleek looking, it's cool, it's very futuristic, Terminator looking thing, state-of-the-art. And they're fun. Available only from Sharper Image. Visit one of their stores or go online at sharperimage.com and take a look at one of these things. You can also call 1-800-344-4444. 1-800-344444. Listen to Win One, too. We're giving these things away every so often. And you can also win by visiting any New York area Sharper Image store and filling out an entry blank. Each store will give away five, five razors on Sunday, June 25th. You're cheating. No purchase necessary. You're cheating. I know. Winner need not be present. So go to one of the Sharper Image stores and fill out an entry blank and try to win yourself one. Or order one. Give them a call. 1-800-344-4444. The razor roller board scooter from the Sharper Image. Thank you, Anthony. You're welcome, Opie. Please, can I get out of here? Yes. I will see you on Monday because everyone knows we don't hang out anymore. That's right. I don't make it out to Long Island very often. All right. So you have yourself a great weekend, pal. You too. I'll let you know if we have jobs. You too. Keep your cell phone on this weekend. I imagine you're going to get a few calls. Yeah, I figure. Okay. Okay. And don't forget, guys, the big yellow one is the sun. Thank you, Brian Regan.