 powered by Opie and Anthony, owned by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027 WNW, New Zealand, New York. 2127571027 is our phone number. It's the O&H show. Hello. How are you Anthony? Very good. How are you Opie? Anthony's sporting a new hairdo. Wow, let me see. Cool, five seconds into the live portion of our broadcast. Oh, you're shocked to hear that. Five seconds. Anthony's been wearing a baseball cap for seven straight years. Yeah, seven, not just about. Not that I noticed or anything, but I sit across from you every damn day, so you know, you pick up on things like that. It's been quite some time with the hair pulled back into the ponytail and the baseball cap. Very easy. I guess you can prove to everyone that you're not bald. A lot of people thought you were wearing the baseball hat for all those years because you had a chrome dome. Well, with more and more pictures that have been on the websites, we were getting more and more instant feedback and emails from people going, Anthony, what's with the hat? I bet you have a chrome dome, you bald bastard. And once again, these questions coming from the mail listeners. Yeah, yeah. Very concerned with Opie, mine and Opie's appearance for some reason. Yeah, once again. Very involved with how we look. So, I don't know, that and just the fact that, yeah, it's been quite a few years with the cap. And it was kind of hard to go anywhere where I had to get dressed nice. So, yeah, went, had it lopped off. Now, this is the first time you had a haircut in how many years? Put it this way. Put it this way. Last time I had a haircut, we had not yet been to the moon. I do believe. You guys are all funny. I understand. I didn't say nothing. No, Rick. I mean, Rick and Psycho Mark and stuff. Rick, for some reason, really having a pisser of a time with it. What song do you want to play, Rick? Is that a? Really? It's not straight like a. It's not a Beatles dude. I would understand. See, I don't get your joke, Rick. I would understand if you come across something that's kind of like topical as far as the haircut goes. He doesn't have a Beatles haircut. It's definitely not. My hair is curly. I write Hasselhoff. Hasselhoff? That's like Mr. Ricky Martin dude talking. Give me a break. Hasselhoff? Wow, okay. I'm silly, Opie. Look at me. I got a haircut. Wow, what an outrageous guy Anthony is. Oh, what a kook I am. What a nut job, Rick. I took the hat off and got a haircut. Oh, I'm out of control. You are. What's next? When does the Jerry Curl commercial start? Jerry Curl? My hair is completely dry. I don't get it. First of all, Mr. Hair Care product in your hair. Whose hair has more crap in it in this room right now? Rick. What are you talking about? Look at how much crap you got in your hair. You got mousse up the yin-yan in your hair. And the blonde tint. The highlights. At least I'm in the right decade, Mr. Cassidy. Cassidy? I don't get it. David Cassidy with that haircut. David Cassidy. Do I have a shag haircut? David Cassidy has straight hair. Straight hair again? Jesus. What did that cream come out of? A man's pump dispenser on your head, Rick? What is that? Protein mousse? This is Anthony's attempt to deflect. No attempt to deflect. I had a big poof ball on my head. I went and got it cut off. The point I was just trying to make is I've known you for seven years and I know the answer to the question. The last time you had a haircut was about seven years ago. Closer to ten. About nine years ago. You haven't gone to a hair cutting place in seven to ten years. No. Not at all. But it was about time. It's funny that Rick's abusing you with the highlights he's got in his hair. I know. What now? Show me. Let it all out. Let's go. Rick's... Well, Mark's talking about how Anthony looks like a Cocker Spaniel. Yeah, that's pretty funny. And I was wondering if Anthony had any kennel cough. Very funny. Now, Mark, that was good. I'd get Mark that one. Cocker Spaniel. I have curly hair. What am I supposed to do? Get it straightened? It's curly. It's loose curly. The point I want to make, which is pretty funny, like Ann hasn't been to a hair cutter in seven to ten years. How much did your new dude cost? Oh, it's very expensive. Come on, just say it. Very expensive. Just take your abuse and we'll move on with the show today. Opie, after ten years, if you average out the price, it comes down to very cheap. Per year. Per year. I've probably spent less in the past ten years on haircuts than you. Sure. Or Rick has. Sure. Opie, it was $130. Well, I had to go to the place that Gwyneth goes and everybody else. Is that the truth? You went to a place where a bunch of celebrities go to get their hair cut? Ben knows this place. Ben, I'm tough on him. Ben knows all this crap for some reason. You got a nut shaving while you're there? No, no, I didn't. Ben, you know the place where Ann got his hair cut? Yeah, it's right on Madison. And who goes there? Gwyneth, what's her name that's married to John Stamos, Stephen Tyler. Stephen Tyler, sure. Madonna. Yeah. What's the name of the place? John Sahog. Yeah, John Sahog. The Beautiful People. That's where I went, where the Beautiful People go. Yes. Well, let me tell you something. After the years of abuse and being under a hat and a hair tie for many years, I didn't just want to go to the barbershop where they take the comb and the blue fluid and comb it out and, you know, they gave you a nice robe and a little massage while they shampoo your hair. I knew it had to be good wall-to-wall thing. Some of these places now when they're shampooing you, they massage you almost to the big O. It's ridiculous. Oh boy. What is this now, Rick? Very funny. Yeah, the Beautiful People, yes, yes. Well, what was I supposed to do? Wow, I actually went somewhere that was good. Ooh, what an ass I am, Hopey. Boy, that Rick got me. What a jerk-off I am wanting to get a haircut. Wow. You're saying ass and jerk-off? What? Huh? Oh, Rick. Oh, he did. Go talk to Ben Stein again. Yeah, really. How's your interview with Ben Stein? Oh, that's right. We got you pulled off of that. No, he still did it. Did you? You didn't? Rumor has it you still interviewed Ben Stein. Nope, didn't do it. Oh yes. What is Rick doing hosting the Ben Stein interview on Comedy Central? I want to ask Stein some questions today, but you have to, like, send in the questions ahead of time. But I started to listen to the real audio stream and the first thing I hear is, Hey, this is Rick from 1027 WNAW New York. Why didn't Rick do something stupid? It wasn't you? No, that's like from two months ago. Did Anthony go to the St. Regis after the haircut? No. What other social life parties have I gone to? None. And, uh, ah, Rick, did I also buy a set of pots and pans for $700? That's an oldie mcgutty. Hey, Joe, what's going on? How you doing, Hope? Hey, Anthony, did your hair look like Mike Brady when he got the perm? No, no, it's actually, uh, it's actually parted. It's a new look for Anthony. Yes. Well, if you don't look like the greatest American he's ever seen, you're all right. No, no, no, it looks all right. It looks all right. It's working. All right, Joe, hang in there. Get the pictures up on the side, bro. Look, all the guys very involved, want a picture, get out of here. When we take pictures up here, it'll end up like that. I'm not going to put a picture up there so the likes of Rick can beat off to it when they go home. Mike, what's going on? Hey, I was wondering if pictures are going to be up on the website. Now the paparazzi, they're waiting outside to get the first picture of Anthony. Eventually the new pictures will work their way onto the site. And you'll go, oh my God, I ain't got a haircut. Big deal. Thank God. All right, man. All right, later. Bye. Just weird seeing you without that damn hat, yo. Brian, what's up? Brian. Yeah, what's up, guys? How are you? Anthony. Oh, I'm fine. Nice show on Friday, by the way. Yes. It was very nice. I thought all the barrels should have been named Wendy just in Anthony's honor. But, Anthony, I'm just curious. When you go meet your girlfriend's parents at summer camp, did you want your hair to look good when you're going to be away for the summer? Well, now you're on to me. That was it. Yes. That's what I was thinking. To meet your girlfriend's parents. Right, yeah, to meet them. All right, Brian. So I could take them to summer camp. Thank you. All right, let's see. Did the haircut like... 3.09, wait a minute, let me do the math. I got about 11 minutes left. Yeah, you got 11 minutes. Okay. When they pulled the hat off you before they cut your hair, did the haircutter just go, holy S? No, I didn't wear the hat to the place. I washed my hair and then went without the hat. You should have went in with that huge, like, afro. Yeah, sure. Can you do something with this? Can you do something with this, please? No, the odd thing is, over the years, especially with having the hair pulled back into a ponytail for so long, it wasn't curly anymore on top or on part of the side. It straightened itself out over the course of the past, like, five years, I'd say. Anything else? I'm just reading the... The Euler? The Euler? I know I'm not selling locks of hair on eBay. Do they pluck your eyebrows? Okay, Marco checking in. Did Anthony get his hair cut the same place I do? Did you get your panty line waxed while you were at it? Yes. $130 for a haircut. I used Mujan. Oh my God. Well, I knew this would happen. Why would this show be any different than any other part of the third grade? You walk in, get a haircut, and your classmates, your little classmates in the third grade, make fun of you. You brought it upon yourself today, though. You walked into the studio and the first words out of your mouth were, Okay, let's hear it. Let it roll. Let's get it out the open. I got a new haircut. Here it is. Paul, what's up? Hey, gentlemen. Hey. Unfortunately, I'm starting to lose faith in you guys. First, the opening of your show. You go into Opie's girl show last week. I spent about 40 minutes on Anthony's hair. This is starting to sound like The View. First of all, we spent eight minutes on Ant's hair. Right. Second of all, the only reason we went to Ant is to get the abuse off me and the stupid Jekyll and Hyde. You guys fight like Jeks, man. It's great. Yeah, that's what we do. I'm not even fighting with Ant. Ant fighting with Rick, really. I could care less if Anthony got a haircut. Rick, I'm very concerned about my hair. Anthony, do you have any black blood in you? Sicilian, so who knows? That looks close enough. Thank you, Paul. Good luck. All right. We're just about done here. Dave, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, Noeday? How are you? I was one of the guys that came by for the 55-gallon drum. Yeah, the 55-gallon drum. Yeah, I was the guy that brought that nasty stuff for the Cheerios. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, I had my hair long for about two years. And I finally cut it off because I had to go to court. So, you know, of course, when they cut it off, I had a couple of tears coming down and everything. But I know what it's like because all my friends are being funny to me. Yeah, no, I didn't care. I wanted to get a cut. What's the joke there? Thank you, Dave. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, that's exactly what it's like. Yeah, sure, Rick. Rick, you know, it's hysterical. Your hair looks closer to Ricky Martin's than anything you pointed out looks like my hair. That's right, and I'm a big fan. I'm just saying. First of all, it's not even a tint as long as that. I don't have bangs. I'm amazed he's trying to take you on. He's so ridiculous. He's trying to get your back for the car stunt. I was not even involved in that, but it's just funny. I don't get it. So you're saying now it looks like Frampton. Frampton? Yeah, off the comes alive. Maybe before I got it cut. When it was wet, I don't know what your... Why is everybody else laughing at it when they see the picture? I didn't laugh. You guys are more... Oh, yes, you did. I did not. Frampton's hair is a lot longer than what Ant's sporting right there. What's even... Very uncomfortable in the studio right now. Oh, yeah, it's just like that. Give me a break. Good afternoon, John. How are you? Good. Put the hat on. Do you think that Anthony might have worn his white shorts to get his hair cut? Yes, I did. That's funny. Thank you, John. See you. That's the first funny phone call of the day right there. I'd put the hat right back on when he leaves the studio because you know our freaked out listeners, they're going to be all outside trying to take a peek. I'm trying to take a peek of your new do, Anthony. I don't care. Fine by me. All right, Heath. What's going on, Heath? Yo, what's up? Hey. Listen, I've had long hair for 15 years. My wife has been bitching and complaining. I got married about three years ago. That's all she wants me to do is cut my freaking hair off. All right, well, that happens. It happens? Come on. Everybody knows this one way or another and then what happens? I mean, my hair goes almost halfway down my back. So why are you getting it cut then? Just because your wife says so? Well, my dad actually started with me first. He's been bitching and complaining. Why don't you grow up? Why don't you cut your hair and be more respectable? How do you want your hair? I want it long. Then keep it long until everyone go F themselves. Well, I do that and then my wife says, well, then you want it. What happened to your balls? What happened to them? I think my wife has them in her hands the way she's been acting lately. We just had a baby three weeks ago and she's like, what are you going to do? Let your daughter braid your hair when she gets older? And then my dad comes over and goes, yeah, what are you going to do? Let her braid your hair. You should get your hair cut off. You're the biggest pussy if you cut your hair if you want to keep it long. You are. So what are you saying about Anthony then? I guess... He wanted to cut his hair. Yeah. No one made him. Oh, you wanted to cut your hair. Yeah. It was a mess. There was nothing I could do with it but put a baseball cap on and it's kind of hard to go to all those beautiful people parties wearing a baseball cap with long sphinx and suits. You're the one who does that and Nopi is the one who goes to see Sebastian Bonk, right? Right. Exactly. Now you got it figured out. There's a difference between getting your hair cut because your wife said so and going to a play one night, one night only. I did it because the 10 years I was married, my wife wanted me to cut my hair for 10 years straight. So I figured screw you. Now I'll cut it. Okay. So I should wait another 10 years before I decide to cut it. Alright. Thank you, buddy. Thanks. Alright. No, I cut my hair because I wanted to cut my hair. Alright. Are we done with Ants hair or are we going to talk about ponytails next for an hour? Ponytail? What's with the ponytail? Bob on a car phone. We've got to talk about the 55-gallon drum challenge from Friday. Yeah. And other things today. We've got to talk about Imus falling off a damn horse. There's so much stuff to talk about in the news today, okay? All day long what we're going to do is just give you snippets of Friday's show because it was absolutely unbelievable. So quick clips. We did the 55-gallon drum challenge. We had five girls go into these huge barrels. They were locked in there for what? They lasted three and a half hours. We had two out of the five drop out late in the festivities. And everyone is talking about this show. Wherever I went this weekend, that's all anyone wanted to talk about. Yes, a lot of people. We have clips from the show. Actually, pictures from the show on www.naw.com. There's 170 pictures up there. And also Steve from foundreamusic.com took a lot of the NAW clips and just put some of the best ones up on foundreamusic.com. Yeah, you've got to check the pictures out. The best pictures are the before and after pictures of all the girls. They show them right before they got in the barrels and they're all smiling and dry. And then coming out, they just look horrified and wet and disgusting. And you can see worms on them, various parts of their bodies. Really sick. So what we're going to do is throughout the day, we're just going to play some clips from Friday's show. They're really quick clips, a couple of minutes tops each. I think this clip is early on in the competition when we finally started dumping stuff into the barrel. Yeah, let's pick it up right here. O.T. and Anthony. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exams for everyone. 111027 WNEW. Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Oh yeah, you know what I did this weekend? I went out with the family for Father's Day. But I hadn't seen my mom since Mother's Day. They were in Tahiti. So I had the beautiful Vermont Teddy Bear from Mother's Day. And even though it was late, you should have seen my mom. She freaked out. She loved it. She's got another one that I gave her for another occasion like a year ago. She's making a whole collection. They love these things. They really do. Vermont Teddy Bears. Looking for a creative gift for someone's birthday, new baby, or to wish someone well? Do something really personal. Surprise them with a BearGram gift from Vermont Teddy Bear. Give them a call. 1-800-829-BEAR. Friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over a hundred handcrafted bears for any occasion. Personalize just for them. Delivered in a colorful gift box with card and candy. You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthdate embroidered on the bib, or the get well bear for someone who's feeling a little under the weather. They've got bears for occupations and hobbies too like the nurse bear, golfer bear. Going to a wedding? Don't forget, ask about the bride and groom bears. BearGram gift is a creative change of pace from flowers. It'll be enjoyed forever because their bears are guaranteed for life overnight. And Saturday delivery, guaranteed. Give them a call. 1-800-829-BEAR. Or shop online. VermontTeddyBear.com. The creative alternative to flowers for any occasion. 1-800-829-BEAR. Tell them Opie and Anthony sent you. The Opie and Anthony Show. It looks very, very glamorous. And you know why? Because it is f***ing glamorous, alright? 212-757-1027 is our phone number. It's the O&A show. It's Monday. Hey man. Getting back into the swing of things here. There's Tommy on line two. Tommy, what's going on? Hey, what's going on guys? Is there a little peg of woods getting into the wild festivities in today's post today? Yeah, wow on the front page of the post today. Talking about Tiger Woods of course. That performance yesterday was absolutely amazing. Absolutely amazing. Tiger setting records. Tommy? Yeah. I thought I was talking to you. I was poisoned last night, Opie. Great. I was there. Anything else? That's it guys. They're almost. That's it. Come on over. Jesus Christ. It's gonna be a break. Tiger Woods looked awesome and Chuck Knoblock can't throw it. Oh my God. Look out. Whoa. We got audio of Chuck practicing his throw to first base. Chuck, throw it to first. Control. Remember control. What the hell is his problem? Try it again. Oh my God. He missed. He hit the broadcast booth. He hit the old lady, man. He hit some broad right in the face. Poor lady. Yeah, look at that. A big wow on the post. Yeah. That's great. That's the rocks. You know what I thought was cool about Tiger Woods? The announcers have just got to get a life. He had a perfect round going on Saturday. He gets to the 18th hole and he duck hooks it into the rocks. Yeah. So he goes. He starts cursing on live TV on NBC. And they're like, you know, Tiger Woods, you know, he's a role model and stuff. He shouldn't be cursing and all. Oh, please. He's just doing what any other person would do in that situation. You get pissed. Yeah, you get pissed. Get out of here. It's not like what are you, you're not playing in a bar. You're playing shuffleboard or something. What do you say anyway? F'ing prick or something like that? I like how his curses don't make any sense. That's how I curse. I get pissed at something. I'm just like, ah, you S-F-C-word. When you get really pissed off, it doesn't matter if it makes sense. You just string the curses together and hope it comes out right. Meaning something. Just curse. So that was going on. Richard Bate talks about wow and W-A-B-C. Man, is he the biggest hypocrite in the world. Keith, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Hey, man. I was with my father last night. It was father's day. And Richard Bate has this video show at night on W-A-B-C. And he told me, he was talking about some lady went up to the office. She was like about that whole, that wildling thing, whatever. Yeah, let me help you along. Everyone's talking about the wildling thing at Central Park last week. And so the cop was like, yeah, wow. What? I feel like a dick. Okay, terrific. Someone's got the story. We can talk about it. That's pretty funny. Instant feedback, Chris from Union. Hey guys, I heard some Bruce Springsteen being played on N-E-W over the weekend. I thought Bruce Springsteen baseball took care of that. What the hell's going on over there? I don't know what the hell's going on around here on weekends. Oh my God, something is going on. Something need be done here at W-N-E-W. We're getting the weekday order, the weekdays in order, you know, shaping up. We're very happy with the way we're doing here on N-E-W, but when you tune in on the weekends. This radio station's a complete embarrassment on the weekends. Oh my dear sweet Jesus. I mean, my family and friends want to listen. I go, don't listen to N-E-W on the weekends. It's horrendous. They're giving people shows that have no business doing radio. None whatsoever. It's an embarrassment. You know that sweeper that they play, Powered by Opie and Anthony? Oh, they were playing that during the weekend, I know. I heard that. I'm like, please don't put our names on on the weekend because it's like two different animals here. It is really embarrassing to hear this in your car. Powered by Opie and Anthony, owned by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 102.7 W-N-E-W, New York. I mean, you got like a lame tune to go into after that? You don't know what this station is on the weekend. Is it a talk station? Is it a classic rock station? Is it college radio? Oh, it's horrible. Is it CB radio? Is it show? Is it a radio show? Is it a radio show? Oh, it's horrible. Is it CB radio? Is it shout out radio? It's horrendous. You don't know what the hell it is. I'm telling the boss tomorrow not to run that idea weekends. Not during the weekend. We don't want anything to do with the weekend programming here at N-E-W. I don't want to be associated with it. It's embarrassing. I heard that. Powered by Opie and Anthony. And it's like, oh, then they go into some lame ass old moldy oldy after a front cell. It's just like a car wreck. Hey, Tom, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Hold on, I'm going to put my radio down. Yeah. Yo, N-E-W kicks butt on the weekends, man. What? They play Squire. They play Old Death Weapon that nobody else plays. You know, we grew up in the 80s, you know? Billy Squire? What Billy Squire song did you hear this weekend? Stroke Me, Stroke Me? What? Emotion in Motion. Oh, yeah, that makes for some great radio on the weekend. Oh, that kicks ass, man. Come on. We grew up. You want to hear that? Go get on Napster and download the MP3s and make a fun little song. I don't have a sound card on my computer. Hey, anyway, I go down there and fight S.A.P. Huh? I want to fight S.A.P. Fight? Okay, thank you. Thank you. I don't even want to know. S.A.P.? Who's S.A.P.? Is that another person that has a weekend show around here? A weekend show. Hey, it's the S.A.P. show. I think the cleaning guy around here has a show on any of those. N-E-W, the S.A.P. show. Yeah, we're rocking you through the weekend on N-E-W. It's not the home of rock and roll or where New York rocks or whatever the F we used to sing. Oh, powered by Opie and Anthony. You won't be hearing this anymore. Oh, Jesus Christ. Smash me, smash me. Smash, smash. Oh, well, you're not going to get your Billy Squire fix this coming weekend. Ouch. Jack, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, what's up? Yeah, man, I mean, the weekend show now makes like mixed bag from years ago look like quality radio. Remember when N-E-W was playing mixed bag? It was like folk music from Alabama on Sunday morning. It's like scumbag is what weekends are. It's an embarrassment to not just people that work here at N-E-W during the week. It's an embarrassment to anyone that is in New York radio to tune in N-E-W and see that they're just giving shows to whoever the hell wants one. Jesus Christ. We're a talk station. We should do some talking on the weekend. Or figure out something. Maybe have some kind of music theme. Music concept weekend or something, but you tune it in, you have to hear that licked ass. Then you tune it in. Come on. Then you hear something that sounds like college radio. Then you tune it in and you hear moldy oldy classic rock and roll. These jocks on the weekends, they get to play whatever the hell they want. And what are they playing? They're playing The Stroke by God damn Billy Squire. I know. I'm waiting for that. Like, yes documentary on a new yes album or something. Like, you know, to come on around 7 o'clock now on Saturday. It's horrible. Thank you, Jack. Take care, man. Bye. Let's go. Occasionally, oh my God, driving home on Sunday night. If you pop in God damn N-E-W, I know what's going on. You feel like you're in a time warp. I don't know what's happening over there. 1952 again or something. Pete, what's going on? Hey, how are you guys doing? Listen, Saturday I'm listening to the radio. I turn on W-1-E-W. And just after you guys smash a Bruce Springsteen record and the CD, is there a freaking plane Bruce Springsteen? I got disgusted. I had to turn it off. Well, we don't want to be responsible for what you guys hear on the weekends here at N-E-W. I know. But we really want to thank you very much. I'm a city cop and I really like what you did about Bruce Springsteen. But thanks a lot. And hey, Diamond Dust, what's your 20? Because I'm over here now. All right. Thank you. Take care. What's your 20, Opie? And why the hell do we have a whole Bruce Springsteen catalog back in the station? It's back. Oh, no, the whole stack. No, no. Oh, my God. He just lunged the whole stack. There's got to be 30 CDs against the wall. Oh, my God. We're going to play a new game. Guess who gets fired next? Oh. We don't run a sweeper that says powered by Opie and Anthony for the hell of it. Trust me. Yeah, it's kind of embarrassing saying powered by Opie and Anthony and then you hear college radio pretty much as opposed to this mature radio you're hearing now one way. It's just a goddamn disaster. What should we do on weekends? What should the station do? I got some ideas. I got some ideas, but I'll talk to the bosses about it tomorrow. We've got to do something because it's an embarrassment. It's an embarrassment, man. Hey, I listen to you guys all week, so I figure, hey, I'll check out any W on the weekend. Yeah, then you have some improver for like hemorrhoid cream or something. You're not going to... Oh, my God, Ben. The whole Ben just hit the wall of CDs with a CD and I think it took out three CDs that were in the library. Oh, yeah. I don't know what the hell that was. I think ACGC just bought it with a magic gate ball. No, don't throw that. The blue liquid will come out. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're out of control, man. Don't break all the CDs until we know what the F's going to happen here on weekends. TJ, what's going on? Hey, you guys think it's bad when they play on the weekends during the days and the evenings? You guys need to wake up early and listen. It's like infomercials for people who write medical books. I swear to God, it's the worst thing in the world. Yeah, we want to be proud of this goddamn station. We're doing really well. There's a couple other shows starting to show something in the ratings. Then on the weekends, it's just a disaster out here. Why don't you guys play like the best of on the weekends? Because I don't want to be associated with the weekend programming. There you go. Indication? You're going to have some jock that doesn't even belong on college radio and then go into the best of O&A after that? We don't want to be associated with it. Unlike other stations, they're not going to just use our name during every other day part and every weekend to try to get people to listen. Like on the weekends, what are we supposed to throw our name in there just so people think that we're going to be on or something? And then they catch bad music and bad set like yapping in between the songs. Larry, what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? Hey, I like you guys a lot, but I just don't understand. Why do you want them not to play any classic rock on the weekends? I don't care. It's the same old moldy classic rock you've heard a million freaking times on the radio. So you just don't want the same old stuff? I have a little more respect if they'd start playing deeper cuts or something, but they can play whatever they want. You tune in the radio, you hear sweet emotion. Who cares? I've heard that song a million times. Oh, okay. All right. Thanks, guys. No wonder freaking people at home are programming their own goddamn radio stations on their computers. They're sick of this crap. Thank God for Napster. I was talking to some people this weekend and they're like, you know, I don't listen to music radio anymore. What I do is I go to Napster, I download the stuff I want. I'm putting it in my computer and then I hit shuffle and I got my own radio station with songs I want to hear. Power down. We need a sweeper for the weekends that says Opie and Anthony are not responsible for this crap. Yeah, they'll be back Monday at 2. Oh, yeah, it's painful when you're driving around on the weekend. I don't even visit any W on the weekends. It's just sometimes I get in the car and it's been on from Friday night or something when I'm driving home. So when I get in the trunk and I start driving, I'm like, oh, my God. Oh, dear, sweet Jesus. What station is this? It goes from it might as well be CBS FM and then it goes to Q and then trying to be K rock and then I don't I really don't know what the hell they're doing. It's about time we figured out that man. And then come on. Oh, Doug, what's going on? Like a bad rash that won't go away. I was just calling like the one guy said before, how you guys got all these infomercials on the weekends early morning. It's just guys are calling up and talking to whoever and saying that, oh, you know, we got this new colon cream and this and that's like, who the hell really cares about that? Nobody's listening to it. They're just wasting time. You guys should go back to before. I like you came up with the idea about coming up with the power switch and just shutting everything down for the weekend. Say the company. So our now. Yeah. Thank you, Doug. I syndicated with spas on the ranch one. There it is, powering down. What? What's wrong? What do you got? What's the problem with everybody? Obviously, a cycle mark is taking video. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, cool. Oh, my God. Psycho Mark with an army helmet on behind a huge gun and a Jeep. Oh, that was over the weekend. Yeah. He went to the Teterboro air show. I heard that was wild. Oh, my God. None of the planes crashed on. There's another. Pennsylvania, another air show disaster in Philly, Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. Oh, my God. The guys from the forty fourth. That's a cycle mark behind a fifty cow. I got that gag. Frightening. Dennis, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Great. Yesterday, about twelve o'clock, I was on my way out and I put on the station and the DJ Weber was complaining that there's people asking for Bruce Springsteen songs. So we thought about, oh, they'll go out and they'll get some more, some like that. And he was also complaining about all the smells and particles of food and stuff from Friday's show in there too. And who was this? I don't know. The guys knew. It was about twelve o'clock yesterday. They had some women in there with them, like, there was help or whatever. Was it twelve o'clock at night? No. Twelve o'clock yesterday afternoon. Between eleven thirty and twelve. And they're complaining about the smell of the studio? They're complaining about the smell of the studio and that they need Bruce Springsteen CDs and stuff like that. Too bad. Go work somewhere else. That's what I said. We run this place now, like it or not. Right. Thank you, Dennis. Thanks, man. Thank you. Did we break all the Bruce Springsteen CDs again? Now they're going to have to go out and get a whole other catalog. This would be the third one. Are there any left, Ben? No, they're done. They're done? Good. Ponderous. F'ing ponderous. The studio doesn't smell. We cleaned up the whole mess from Friday. Yeah, why? Who said that? Actually, I didn't clean up anything. It was Ben and Rick and Spaz and Stinky. They get all the credit. They work their asses off after we finished that broadcast on Friday, Anthony. After we destroyed the place. It smelled so friggin' bad. Oh my God. So let's take a break. We have nothing to do with the weekend programming here. We're embarrassed. Yeah, please. It's an absolute embarrassment. I guess it's schizophrenic radio on the weekends. I don't know. I guess it just took so long to get the weekdays in order. And then, I don't know, they forgot about the weekends? What's going to be done? Anyone know? Is there any clue? I don't know. We're going to have to listen to bad music, bad chatter between the songs. And then, the Sunday evening debacle. I thought it was cool to hear, you know, Powered by Opie and Anthony every hour. But then I realized, whoa, this is being heard in the middle of this crap programming on the weekends. ONA hypocrites about Bruce. Whatever. Whatever, Kevin. Whatever. Kevin, what's up? Hey, Ope. Yeah. How you doing, buddy? Good. A long time ago, when Tracks came out, you guys were the first ones to play it. What? When Tracks? Yeah. That's our first one to release the new song? Yeah. I never said I didn't like Bruce Springsteen. Oh, but you guys are loving the song. Now you're trashing him. I'm trashing what he did to the fine police of this fine city. But if you ever liked Bruce at any point in your life, nothing can happen that can change that? Oh, no, no, not at all. But I mean, you're trashing him like he was, you know, trashed the whole time. No, that's not true. Really? Are we? That's not what we're saying. Is that what we're doing, or do you just sound very silly right now, Kevin, and you're trying to defend yourself? We're getting a reaction out of the Bruce Springsteen fans, and that's kind of like the reaction that, you know, you get from the cops when they have to sit there and listen to Bruce sing a song about Diallo. Has anybody heard the whole song yet? Yes! We're not talking about it today. All right. We went over this for like three, four hours. Where were you? Ah, I was there. I was here. Yeah, no, you weren't. So all the Bruce Springsteen CDs are smashed again? Yeah, that's it. There you go. Go get some more. None more. Go get some more. Hint, hint. Don't keep them in the studio. Hint, hint. Look at that big gaping hole in the wall. Yeah. Oops. And Earl's got a show. Why does Earl have a show? Does Earl have a show on the weekends? Sometimes. Is it just a... I'm hoping, I'm really hoping that this is being done because they don't want to hire people because they have a plan for the weekend. And like, you know, hiring professionals would be kind of silly. So if you want to come up to NAW and have your own show, I guess that's what they're doing now. I would just, you know, have people line up. Have people line up at the NAW door and just invite them to come in, you know, and DJ for an hour. An hour each. Earl lives in our office. That's so true. That's another story. I didn't even know what was happening. I heard this little confrontation in the office before the show and I'm just chuckling. It seems Opie came back after he was out. What night was that? Friday night? No, it was after Thursday night. It was after the Jekyll and Hyde. A lot of people are asking, you know, how was it and stuff. And, you know, I wish I could sit here and do like a 20, 30 minute bit on Sebastian Bach as the lead in Jekyll and Hyde. It really wasn't that bad. Yeah. I would love to be able to abuse him and stuff, but the guy did a really good job. What am I going to say? It's not my cup of tea. It's not my cup of tea. I wouldn't go out of my way to go see this. I got tickets for my birthday and my girlfriend, I assumed that she was going to bring, you know, a family member, a friend, but no. I assumed wrong. She wanted to bring me. I went. I wasn't happy that I was going. I went there and what can I tell you? It wasn't bad. It wasn't bad? And he's a talented mother effer. Right. Fair enough. Fair enough. And that's what I have to say about that. You know? When he turns into Hyde, he sounds just like, you know, Sebastian from, you know, Skid Row. Skid Row. Just screaming his brains out. There you go. But I give him a lot of credit. What do I say? Rousing review. No? Rousing review of Jekyll and Hyde. Sebastian said. It was all right. Not my cup of tea. Don't twist this, but it was all right. No, don't twist it. Don't worry. I was there and I, you know, it was a little slow near the end of the first act. Then I, you know, and then it was intermission and then everyone started laughing at me because I saw I was there. Oh yeah? But I'm looking at those guys like, well, you got dragged. You're here too. So shut up. Right. So. All right. So what were we going to say? You got me back to the office after the show. What time was that about? It was late. It was, I don't know, 1130, I guess. 1130. I don't know. After 11. You come back to the office to pick up the stuff that you left here. I'm checking my email and messages before I, you know, grab my stuff and head home. Sure. And this fine looking black lady comes walking into the office. Yeah. With a ton of stuff. Stuff? It looked like an overnight bag and all sorts of crap. Oh really? And she just camps out in our office. And I'm like, excuse me, what are you doing in my office? Yeah. Saying my because I'm the only one there at the time. She goes, oh, Earl told me to put my stuff down in the office. You've got to understand our office is like a Pee-wee's Playhouse, but it is only for the people involved with the Opie and Anthony show, period. That is it. No one else is to go in and out of there, play with our toys or anything else. Wait, I'm getting interrupted again. Rick, what's up? Hey guys, what's going on with you? Okay, you're going AWOL on Bruce Springsteen. I understand you don't appreciate the opinion that the boys about the viala and the curse. Let me finish. Okay, go ahead. You're going to babble. Get to your point. I'm not babbling. Because I see what you want to say on the screen and I'm pissed off. Since when do we live in Russia? I mean, everybody's in power there on a thing. You're just about to express it. Exactly. You've got to understand them. Don't ever say we're against free speech, Rick. Did we say that Bruce should be taken off the airwaves or not? We never said he didn't have the right to do what he did. And we have the right to say that he's an a-hole. So we have the right to react and that's how we're reacting. So how is that going against free speech, Rick? Can I say something? Go ahead. What I'm saying is you both are entitled, you and the Bruce Springsteen, to say your own opinion. What I'm saying is you guys are coming down hard on him because he's got a song that contradicts your view. You know, something disagreeing with someone's point of view doesn't mean you don't think they should have the right to say it. We never said he didn't have the right to say it, you idiot. We never said he didn't have the right to sing that song. He did what he did and we're reacting to what he did. Why are you bashing down his CDs? That's what I don't get. Because we don't like it. Because of what he sang, he sang, right? We're not going to record stores and breaking them and protesting that he shouldn't be in the stores. I just want to say one last thing. You guys rock. Have a great show. Oh my God. I love that. You guys come down very hard on him. Yes, sir. We should come down lighter and that would show that he has the freedom to say what he wants. Shut up. That's the whole point of free speech. We're reacting to what he did. Out of the Bruce Springsteen fans, Anthony. Did we dump out of there? Who knows. Whoa, no block. Jesus. No block, throw to first. So getting back to the Earl thing. This lady starts camping out in the office and I look up and she's not even acknowledging me. I'm like, excuse me, what are you doing in my office? Earl told me it was alright to come down here and put my stuff in the office. It was obvious that she's been there before because she's camping out. She knows where the remote control is for the TV. She's near Rick's counter space. She's been there before. You can tell when you look at somebody and their whole demeanor in an environment if they're comfortable there. Now if you, let's say, were told to just sit somewhere, first time ever, you were told to just sit somewhere, wouldn't you look a little uncomfortable? You wouldn't touch anything? You would sit there like you do in a waiting room and maybe look around a little bit, but she looked comfortable. She looked like I've done this a million times and I'm hanging out like I do every week waiting for Earl to get done with his job. Right. So she's sitting in the office, remote, very comfy. And Spaz, I could add to the story. Oh really? Yeah, because Spaz comes here every weekend. Spaz works his ass off, by the way. He doesn't get a day off. He doesn't do anything, but he's working. But he's here. But he helped out, I guess you helped out Eddie Trunks Saturday Night Rock Show. Yes, I do. I do, okay. And the point you want to make is that every Saturday I come in, the office door is open and everything is turned on. And there's food on the desk. See, when we leave Friday, we turn off everything. Yes. They lock the door. Oh boy. And Earl's here. All right, Earl has a master key. He's got a master key. No, Earl will not have a key to our office. That's it. He's abused any privilege. He doesn't even have a privilege to go in there. He's not involved with this program anymore. And he should not have access to our office. Our office is fun, fun, fun. It's like Disney, our office. I told Earl and everyone else, if the guys are hanging out in there, because we have five guys that camp out in our office, that's their space. If we're in there and we're hanging out having fun, we don't care who hangs out with us. But while we're not there, we don't need like strangers walking around putting their stuff down, knowing where the remote control is and feeling very comfortable in our office. Yeah, that's a little... And then she gives me an attitude because I say, I have you an attitude. Because I'm like, you have to leave. This isn't Earl's office. Earl was moved. Earl told me to come down here. I'm like, well, this isn't Earl's office. And I'm like, I'm going to sit out in Earl's cubicle. Oh, brother. And I know he's in there watching the TV. There's Earl. Using the death. See, you never get a straight answer out of him. Listen to this. Listen to this. Yeah. Oh, I thought he was out there. Get a good clip. Get a good clip that you can isolate now and put on the website. Very good. I know. What do you think? I'm silly? Oh, okay. Steve C. in the... Steve from FoundryMusic.com has decided to get a little clip of Anthony's new hair dip. Yes, and I just isolated it. It's very crisp. Very good. It doesn't look so bad. Well, you know, no, I'd seen it in Boston. I'd seen the big thing that you had in Boston. Oh, it's very poofy. In comparison, yes. My hair was poofy. All right. It's very poofy. Let's take a break, Anthony. Okay. I thought Earl was fired. This is the only place you can work where you don't get fired. He's busy. He doesn't do anything. I don't know what he does at this point. We've goofed about this time and time again, but the guy's been here for, I mean, a million years, and we don't know what he does, but we know one thing. He uses our office. He invites guests down. And he'll deny it. Well, great. We're going to get a master lock with a big... A master lock. We're going to get that big freaking padlock. We're going to lock it up. Now, a little combination. I'm just going to go take his master key right now. You shouldn't have a master key. Why does he have a master key? We didn't even have a key to the goddamn pisser when we got here. And he's got a master key to all the offices. He could walk into anyone's office. Yeah. Why does Earl need to... the PD doesn't have a master key. PDs go up to Ken. Ken Stevens doesn't have a master key. Our GM does not have a master key. Earl needs access to every inch of WNEW. For what? For what? Steve, you see all the Bruce Springsteen CDs all over the floor? Yeah. Who did this? Was that you that did the bulk of that damage? I took out about 10 CDs in one fell swoop. And these were the ones that just showed up? Yeah. Good for you. Yeah, there's a big hole in the wall where the Bruce Springsteen used to go. Someone sent me a really high quality MP3 of the American Skin song that he did. Yeah. Saying, put it up on the site. Put it up on the site. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. The song's not even that good. No, that's the biggest travesty. Hopefully someone wants to know if you put Earl's chick into attack mode with your comments. Did she go into attack mode or did she get up and leave? No, I mean there's more to this story too. Earl had one of his little female flunkies call my voicemail and bitch you and I out for doing that whole break on the invisible man, saying that she was the one in the studio and how much she hates us and what NW has become and you and I are the anti-Christ, all this. And then at the end of the message said, and if you put this on the air I'll sue you. So we couldn't do anything with this phone call that was left on my voicemail. And so now I'm looking at this girl in the office going, there's a good possibility this could be the girl. Yeah. You hate us so much but you're in our office. Get the F out. That's not cool. Right. I didn't even think about that. We don't know if it was because Earl won't tell us who it was. She certainly wouldn't. Because this girl just laid into us on my voicemail, laid into us about how we were abusing Earl, about the invisible man. And I just want to set the record straight. I was in the studio that day and I don't like what NW has become and you guys and the anti-Christ are not funny, blah, blah, blah. Don't put this on the air. Right. That's why we never talked about her. And it might be her. I don't know. Earl just backpedaled his ass off when you confronted him with this. Said the girl was in here. What is she doing in our office, Earl? And he was like, no, no, no. I told her to sit by my office, my cubicle. She thought it was the old office that I used to be in so she went to that office and sat. It just didn't make any sense. He completely got caught because the odds of you and I or anyone from the show being in our office around 1130 on a weeknight, very slim. Very slim. Very slim. He got caught. So he came back after the Jekyll and Hyde. All right. We got to take a break. Yeah. We're playing clips from Friday show all day long here today from the 55 gallon drum challenge. Unbelievable show. What? He's coming. He's mad at Rick. Why is he mad at Rick? I don't know. I'm coming down there explaining myself. Well, you better. You better. Come on. Earl, would you like to explain yourself? About what part? About hanging out in our office after hours. We weren't hanging out in your office. Why was that chick in our office last Thursday? Because the last time she was here, I was in that office. She came up here. We were going to hang out later. I said, sit at my desk. I'll be there in a minute. Is she the girl that was in here when you were on air? No. All right. I wasn't sure about that part. You met her. You met her. That girl I never met before. She was on the air before. Never met her. I swear to God she was on the air before. I don't remember. Did you give us the master key? Why do you have a master key? I don't have a master key. I don't have any keys. You could get into any freaking door here. No, I don't. You have a key to our office. No. I don't have any keys. Oh my God. Why don't you just say you do? I don't. I do not have any keys. People have caught you in our office on the weekends. Caught me in our office? Because the door is open on the weekends. Oh my God. You're lying. I'm not lying. I have no reason to lie. Why am I going to sit here and lie to you guys? Because the story you just told about the girl is different than the story you told about the girl before the show. Now you're saying she thought I still had that office. No. I said... When you told me the story before the show, you said, well, I told her my space or my office was around the corner. Around the corner. Because you're cubicle, which is nowhere near our office. So you lied. No. She thought I was still in the office. I'm going to start taping every conversation I have with you just to prove my point. You're telling two different stories now. I'm not telling two different stories because where do you say it? I said around the corner. You know, in the corner. She thought I was still in the old office. That's why she was in the office. Getting really comfortable, pretty much looking for the remote control. And I told you guys before the show. We had valuable radio secrets in that office. It was a misunderstanding and I apologize for it. Just a simple misunderstanding. You're a liar! That'll never happen. I thought you quit, Earl. Didn't you quit? Not really. No? No. You did? No, I said I quit. We have audio of you quitting. You're lying again. I had to do... When you say I quit, that's quitting and we have audio of that. Earl's the only guy that quits, but then shows up for it. I was really upset about the sticker. You want us to break out the audio where you say, you guys, I've had enough. Yeah, I had enough with the sticker. Where's Jeremy? Where's Jeremy? I need to talk to him. I said, why? And you said, because I quit. We have audio of that. So don't say you didn't quit. You quit. That's lying again. I meant quit doing the sticker stops. I really lost my temper like that. You twist everything. You twist every single... I'm not twisting everything. So you quit the sticker stops, which is the only part, your only job, but you're still part of the station. At the time, that was your only job except for the Sunday morning programming thing. What are you doing today, Earl? What's on Earl's agenda for today? Their agenda today? We're very close to getting someone for a feature event. Someone for a feature event. Without really getting... It involves you guys. Okay, great. So you've been working on that. Tell us when we can announce this special someone for an event that I don't even know about. What? Oh, do you know who it is? It's the Invisible Man. In negotiations... I'm the Invisible Man. With the Invisible Man. Our former intern on the line. Do you want to admit anything before we put him on the air? Do you want to admit anything? Guys, you know as well as I would never do anything deliberately to hurt you. I understand that, but I don't like you lying to us. And I know you lie to us. Just tell the truth. Lying about what? Have you ever gotten into our office? Yes, I've gotten into your office. Because it was unlocked, right? When it was unlocked? Yeah. When it was unlocked? Yes. Have you ever gotten into our office when it was locked? When I needed to, yes. How? You said you don't have a key. I don't have a key. Then how do you get in there? I got it through the chief engineer. On weekends? Pete doesn't work here on weekends. He doesn't work during the week. You have a key or an office? I do not have a key. You have a key. I do not have a key. Psychomar? I know he does. He goes into Pete's office, right? There's a master key box hidden in there with all the keys to all the offices. And he sneaks into it and gets a key. I said I can't get in. You do and don't lie. You go right into that box. So technically, wait a minute, let me think of this. Technically, you can use the key to get into our office. We asked you that. You only get in there when the door's unlocked. Hold on, hold on. Technically, you don't own a key on your keychain, a key to our office. But you have access 24 hours a day, seven days a week to a key. Not 24 hours, no. Well, you have access all the time to keys. Oh my God, that's exactly what I'm saying. You lie all the time. I'm leaving. I'm out. Oh, because you know I? Because you know we got you. Yeah, he's all pissed because we got him. Wait, come back here. John has something for you. John, what's up? Yo, what's up, guys? John, our former intern. How you doing? What's up? Every day I used to come in there to do a demo tape. Every door was open in the studio. He had keys to every office in there. No, he has access to a master key that he could get in any goddamn office. The lights were on in the office, everything, man. Yeah, TV. TV was on. Their office is fun. I would want to go in there on the weekend. He rules the studio on Saturdays. It's like he's the king in there. Oh, boy. Thank you, John. It's so funny. He just denied that he had a master key, which means in his head he could rationalize it. I did not have a master key. I catch you. Because he doesn't have it. But he can walk into this place and open up a box that has a master key at any given moment and have access to the thing. Yet he says he doesn't have a master key. Right. And someone else has it, but I have access to it all the time. Today's is live. Did anyone else out there hear where he said he has been in our office only when it's unlocked? Right, we all heard that. Yep. And now we found out that, yes, when he needs to get in there, he will get the master key and use it. That is called lying. He's lying. He's desperate. Do what he says. Do what he says. And then he gets pissed. Oh, oh, help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. And everyone knows where this master key is. Why don't we know where it is? Where did you get the master key from? There was one time Ant needed to get back into our old office. He had to break in. He had to climb up and over the top. Here's a gentleman. We had to drop ceiling. We had to go up and over. Where did you get your master key? I got it from an hero. See, it must have been Earl. Maybe it's time to tell the GM that there's a master key where anyone can get into our office. We still have a lot of enemies that work here at NEW that don't really like us. And would probably love to get into our office. Oh my God. That might be smart. Oh. God. He just like denied it. Like he's trying to skirt the issue. The key. That's classic. No, I don't have a key. But you have access to a key whenever you want one. Define key. What do you mean by key? I did not have sex with that lock ever. And then we kick him out and he gets pissed and he walks down the hall. I'm leaving. You caught me. I don't have a key. Well, I have a key, but I don't have a key. I don't have a key. I have a key. What is he? Chuck from the Radio Chick Show is black, right? I think so. Alright. Let's check in. Sam from Long Island, master key, just like a black man to abuse something called master. That doesn't make sense. It's not even a funny joke. It's nothing to do with race. Please. Please, Sam. Alright, we talked about the 55-gallon drum challenge, Anthony, from Friday. Everyone was talking about the show, Five Girls in the Barrel. We threw everything we had at them, including sour milk and fish guts and chum and honey and syrup and beer. It was just disgusting. The smell was just so rank. You can't even describe the smell. Just imagine the worst smell you ever smelled at times by two or three. Anyway, there's a ton of pictures, 170 of them on www.stevefromfoundrymusic.com, who's in the studio, has some pictures up on the website already, and he's just received the videotapes from the event itself. So now you can get to see some video clips in the coming days on foundrymusic.com. As we go to break, another clip from the 55-gallon drum challenge, Anthony. The girls are in the barrels, and it's early on as we start dumping things into the barrel. OP and Anthony. Hey, Anthony, Bud Light! We love Bud Light. Bud Light, I say! Bud Light! We drink it back office after the show, and we're kicking Earl out of our office. Nothing goes down better than an icy cold Bud Light. What do you want us to say? We love the stuff. We drink it. It's great, cool and refreshing. Cold, easy to drink. I got one in. When you're at Yankee Stadium, a duck in the Chuck Knoblock throws the first base. Oh my God. Whoa, what was that? Make sure you protect the Bud Light that you have in your right hand. Yeah, he'll pick it off. The safest place to stand? First base. That's right. You won't get hit by those Knoblock balls. He's a head case, though, man. Yeah. Chuck is a head case. It seems like the more people rag him about it, the worse he gets. Remember when he made that error two seasons ago and then he had to see the psychologist and stuff? He can't get over it. He's just a head case. He's freaking out now because he can't freaking throw. Unbelievable. What are the Yankees doing losing four at home, too? Ouch. It's okay. They'll be fine. You'll see the Mets losing four at Shea. Oh, please. It's so late in the season, Jesus Christ. Not many games left. Let me tell you something. You guys should really start worrying about your pitching rotation. Yeah. Hopefully, May. You guys got some serious holes in that pitching rotation. Okay. We know how to pull it together. Blah, blah, blah. We know how to pull it together when it counts. It's over, Johnny. Oh, yeah. It's over. It's over. Come on. It's over. Very silly. Bud Light, great beer to drink watching the Yankees. Mets. Now, for the Mets, you drink some swill. Bud Light. Making a Bud Light all summer long. Bud Light. The life of the party, Opie. All right. It's no lime needed with Bud Light. Can I get through the rest of these? We're proud Bud Light drinkers. We don't agree on our baseball team, but we agree on our light beer, right, Anthony? Bud Light. Bud Light, I said. Thank you. It's Bud Light. Powered by Opie and Anthony, followed by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027 WNEW, New New York. Powered by Opie and Anthony during the week. Powered by Ricards on the weekend. Powered by the Special Olympics on the weekend. 2127571027 is our phone number. Give us a call. William? Mike, what's going on? What's up, guys, man? Saturday night, they had a story on the Amityville Horror House, and my friend Nick ran in the background with a huge wow sign. That was you, huh? I got a ton of email on that. Dude, it was so awesome. We're sitting in the house, we're watching it, and this kid's running outside, running around. It was nuts. Are you, uh, a fan of the Mets? Yeah, I live in Amityville. I guess there was a huge red wow sign behind the reporter. Huge. And then one of you guys were yelling at the reporter or someone when he was live? Yeah, my friend, uh... What was he yelling? I have no clue. I completely forgot. Yeah, because the email came in like crazy for that. Just to let you know, on Friday night's Channel 7, 11 o'clock news, there was a very clear wow sighting. There was a reporter in front of the Amityville Horror House, and all of a sudden, from the right side of the screen, someone holding a huge white sign came out. And big red letters came across the screen. We laughed our asses off. Yo, me and a friend made the news Friday. This must be you. June 16th, 2000, when I got a wow sign on the 11 o'clock news outside Amityville Horror House. Very cool, man. It was, dude, it was so sweet, man. Yeah. Well, congratulations on that, man. All right, man. Now you're part of legend. Yes, no doubt about it. All right, Mike, thanks for that. I own a world, baby! Yeah. Whoo! Wow, look at that. Peace. We rule, Anthony. Mmm. Thank you. Well, we got to send out get well wishes to Mr. Imus, Anthony. Mmm. Yes. Oh, my goodness. What? Is Imus insane? Is he crazy? I think he was feeling bad that the press hasn't talked about him in a while and figured, yeah, he's crazy. Yeah, he's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy. I think he was feeling bad that the press hasn't talked about him in a while and figured, yeah, I got to do something here. I got to collapse a lung. Oh, destiny. Oh, oh, whoa! Well, let me read this a little bit. Yeah. Get well wishes going out to Mr. Imus. He's hospitalized. Radio host Don Imus was hospitalized with multiple injuries after being thrown from a horse at his ranch in New Mexico. Yeah, baby. Imus suffered five broken ribs. Five? Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Five, ponderous. A collapsed lung, a broken collarbone, and a shoulder separation after being thrown up to ten feet off a horse. Ten feet. Ten feet! Oh, destiny. That's what happened to Christopher Reeve. I mean, I don't want to bring that up, but he's lucky. My big fag cowboy hat broke my phone. And uh... Saved you from breaking your neck, Mr. Marduk? And uh... no, that was my uh... my fag bandana around my neck. And uh... yeah, that saved me. From uh... oh shut up, McCord! I guess the fan was reporting this morning he's going to be out of commission for a little while. For a little while? Yeah. Five broken ribs, collapsed lung, broken collarbone, and a shoulder separation is going to be out for a little while? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shoulder separation, baby! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Will I fall on glass? You're using the same sound effect that uh... that Anthony was using for the Chuck Knoblock Wild Throw. Well uh... for some reason I don't have someone falling down on this uh... machine. No. Oh destiny! Good thing I didn't fall on my face. Would have hurt the ground. Hot! Shut up, Bernard. Jerk. Uh... 420, I'm us in the morning program. Actually it was the uh... Chuck Knoblock Wild Throw that uh... knocked me off my horse. Where is he? Albuquerque? He's in Albuquerque? No. He's in the bathroom. Oh, with that brother of th... Well he does a good thing out there. He gets a bunch of kids out there. Special kids. Special kids. They hang out at his ranch. And a future uh... dating prospect. Ah shut up Anthony. Can't call in the kettle black. Barney? Hey guys. Hey Barney, what's up? Listen, the reason he fell off the horse was he read the ratings this morning. Did you hear about the Squealer beating him out for the last eight weeks? Squealer? Uh... the guy in 770. Curtis. Curtis in the morning? Curtis. I don't know any Curtis's on the radio. No, no, no. The guy in 770. That uh... that uh... Guardian Angel guy. Guardian Angel guy? They beat him out. He beat him out for the last eight weeks. A guy named Curtis? Curtis Squealer. Curtis... Squealer? Squealer, Squealer. Come on. The guy in 770. Curtis Squealer and Squealer. The guy that ran... who's the guy that ran uh... the Guardian Angels? Oh god that was like... Guardian Angels. That was like a thousand years ago, isn't it? No, he's on 770 W.A.B.C. in the morning. He beat Ian this out. Is that an oldie? For the last eight weeks. And his name? Look at the book. What's his name though? Curtis. Curtis said it was... and then he got that lawyer guy on there. I don't know who that guy is. Curtis and the lawyer? Yeah. W.A.B.C. in the morning. Five to nine. Sweeney and the lawyer show? No, no, no. Come on guys. Sweeney and the lawyer. No, no, no. So what the hell do they call a show? But anyway, Curtis Squealer and the lawyer show. And they beat Ian this out. I mean, I always thought Howard was number one in the mornings. No, no, no. Different sections. You know how they break it down. Different sections what? Get the book. I don't understand what you're saying. Sweeney and the lawyer show? No, no, no. Come on guys. Sweeney and the lawyer. No, no, no. So what the hell do they call a show? But anyway, Ian came in second. Or behind him. They were so proud to beat Ian this month. He must have fell off the horse after reading it. Came in second, right? Yeah. Get the book. Oh, really? You guys like to get the book? I always thought Howard was number one in the mornings. No, no, no. Different sections. Get the book. I don't understand what you're saying. Sweeney and the lawyer beat Imus. Sweeney and the lawyer beat Imus in the book that's not the book that other people are in. No, no, no. He beat him in the ratings, guys. Come on. You didn't get the book today. So now BJ and the bear took third. So now Imus is in second? No, you're asking me if they're behind him. They're behind him. But this guy beat Imus. So Imus must have read it and fell off the horse. All right. So what's the point of beating Imus? So some guy named Sweeney and the lawyer beat Imus last month or the last eight weeks for the second place in the ratings. Yeah, yeah. Read the book today, guys. Where are you rating? For the second place in the ratings. But not in the ratings that the people that are number one in are in. You got it. Now you got it. Now you're on the same page. Starsky and Hutch came in third. Yeah, Tony and Anthony. Okay. So the other guy is bragging because he could beat Imus. Yeah. That's a huge accomplishment. Sweeney and the lawyer. Does Sweeney know that Imus is in like 20th place? Yeah, yeah. You guys got it now. Now you're on the right page. Get the book out. You guys must have got the book today. Yeah, well, we don't need to brag about the ratings. It just happens. I understand. I understand. That's why I'm going to go off the horse. We'll say thanks to our listeners a little bit. Maybe get a beer or something. That's about it. We don't brag about moving up from 23rd place to 23rd place. We don't brag about moving up from 23rd place to 23rd place. Sweeney and the lawyer. Sweeney and the lawyer. We don't brag about moving up from 23rd place in morning radio to 21st. There you go. Take it easy. Schwieler. Schwiele and the lawyer. That's the guy. A Cuba Rican from Brooklyn that ran around with a beret on. Well tune in to Schwiele and the lawyer. You gotta listen. See you later. Jesus Christ. Oh stop it. Oh stop it. He's a feedback. We know. Shut up. Toll. Schwiele and the lawyer checking in. Is this guy insane? Kersh. Schwieler. Only beat in one demo. Kersh. Schwiele. Schwiele. That's great. We know. Believe me. Shut up. That's all the best. Yeah. Yeah, baby. I'm going to be in a body cast. That will be interesting. Well, it's not like I move anyway. I just sit there. You ever see me on CNBC? I sit there and in between when we come on and go off. When you're riffing about stuff? I just sit there and my face melts as I sit there. The only part that moves are my jowls, my neck, and my forehead begins to melt. Let me tell you a secret, a trick we do. Let me tell you a little trick we do at CNBC because it's a TV. Shut up, jerk. What we have to do halfway through the program, we turn the cameras upside down and I am hanging by my feet because if I did the entire show sitting, my skin would flap to the console. So we film it upside down and by the end of the show, my skin is stretched back to the top of my head. I got you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe. Thank God my taffy-like nut sack broke my fall. My old shriveled nut sack. Baby, Moby Worm coming to get you. I'm praying to Reverend Billy Saul Hargis. Oh, yeah, MSNBC, CNBC, whatever. I don't even know where I am. I'm in the morning. Shut up, duck. Jerk. How about my brother's salsa? I have nothing on that. I'm just saying, how about it? Buy it. It's for a good cause. Special children that will be dating. Baby, collapse lung, baby. Nothing's nicer to look at than a Don Imus on the ground bleeding from the mouth. Baby. All right, Mr. Imus, I hope you feel better. Wherever you are, sir. So do I. Oh, destiny. Whoa, destiny. Didn't I have a collapsed lung like 10 years ago? It just collapsed on its own. It did. 10 years ago, Don Imus had a collapsed lung. Now I got a pair, baby. Maybe I shouldn't be riding horses. When I was a kid, that was the only means of transportation. Well, I figured I'd relive the old... Oh, shut up, jerk. He must look like the grandpa from South Park on a horse with a big hat on. All right, Anthony, we're doing a wow sticker stop today. Yes, where? We're going to go to Washington Square Park today. I think Psycho Mark needs to score. Why did you pick that place today? Running a little low? Washington Square Park, 515, Psycho Mark will be there handing out the wow stickers, and he'll have the wow van and all that, okay? Okay. What are you laughing at? Just the instant feelings. Well, well, wheeling in the Lord. All right, and another clip from our fifth... Amazing. Bob Hope is healthier than I am today. Who thought we'd see the day? Yeah, bloody eyeballs, baby. Looks like I'm coughing up my brother's salsa. Oh, shut up. We got another clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge from Friday, Anthony. Pictures at www.com and pictures on foundrymusic.com. We had five girls in barrels seeing who could last the longest, and here's another clip early on in the festivities. Love your butt. Opie and Anthony. More stupidity is on the way. One-O-True-Seven-W-N-E-W. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. I got a lot of personnel. I mean, you gotta get your personnel. Try that one, Anthony. You're listening to Anthony and Opie on WNEW 102.7 Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. Pharma. I'm out of here now. Now. We were talking about Friday's show, the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge, Anthony. Yeah. We had Tabitha's husband on the line, and he hung up. I was going to go to him right there. Hey. He said he was deeply disturbed by the show, I believe. Oh, yeah? I want to talk to him. Well, the horrific screams from the girls were haunting me all weekend. Pretty horrible. The echo, the slight, like, reverb of them in the barrel. Oh, horrifying screams. Yeah, we have more clips to play today as the show goes on. Grim Reaper checking in, Anthony, from hell. Yeah. I try to get imus, but it keeps sucking me. Yeah. Yeah. Ow. Boy, the lengths I have to go through to get painkillers. I remember I was hooked on those for quite some time. Well, you've been off those for a while now, right? Well, no. Back on them now, baby. Yeah, broken ribs. Five broken ribs. Collar bone and what's that? Subreptile there. Yeah, yeah. And collapsed lung. So back on the dope, baby. Yeah. Poor eye man, crashing to the ground. Wouldn't you just, like, I don't know, a lot of joking's been made about how old he is, but how old is he? I don't know. Does anyone have the slightest idea, even close? If I had to guess, I'd say 78. Yeah, yeah. Give or take, well, a month. I don't know how old he is, but to be hopping on a horse that can throw you ten feet, he wants to be a cowboy, Anthony. Destiny. I want to be a cowboy, baby. Yeah, with my big fat cowboy hat and bandana. Cowboy, baby. Crashing to the ground and busting a rib. Cowboy, baby. Baby, cowboy, baby. I smell a fat boy slim mix coming on. Cowboy. Yeah. Yeah, cowboy, baby. Oh, yeah, Moby Worms coming to get you. Whoa, hold on, Destiny. Hold on, Destiny. Yeah, I got my big fag, ten gallon cowboy hat. Hell, I was, baby. With my brother, Brad, and his salsa. And now my arm needs a split. Baby. Kid Isis, up and down the block. On his ass, baby. I'm rocking that bitch up. Whoa, whoa, Destiny, whoa. Ow, ow. Yeah. Plus the I-Man's a cowboy, baby. At the top of the local hospital. I want to be a cowboy, baby. Shut up, Bernard. Because I'm a cowboy, baby. Yeah, baby. I'm a cowboy. Look at my big fat eight gallon hat. I got chaps and a bandana. I'm a cowboy, baby. I'm a cop and a blood from my collapsed lung. Ow, ow. That's the ambulance rolling to get there. Okay. Oh, damn. I need a new sound. I need a new sound. I need a new sound. I need a new sound. I need a new sound. I need a new sound. I need a new sound. Yeah. Because I'm a big fat cowboy, baby. Hahaha. Hahaha. Whoa. Ow. Hahaha. That's not a hurt statement. I'm a big fat cowboy, baby. Hey, someone stole the fire truck. What happened there? What happened to our fire truck? I don't know. Someone erased it. We need one of these for our own. With the horn and everything, right? Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. We got it? Well, now we have it. This is over. Ow. Whoa, that's the neck. Hahaha. Yeah. Because I'm a big fat cowboy, baby. With my cracked ribs and collapsed lungs. I'm a cowboy, baby. Spent all my time at the hospital. Hahaha. Cowboy, baby. Oh, Kevin, what's going on? Yeah, what's going on there? I thought there was a memo. We weren't allowed to talk about other people. Yeah, that was good for like a week. Hahaha. Oh, Mr. Hyams could take a job. Yeah. Mr. Hyams could take a job. I want a good character. No, Hyams could take a job. Some people in this company have no sense of humor. It can't take a joke. The Eyemans could take a joke even with a collapsed lung. Hahaha. Oh, even for the simple listener folks like me, I understand now. Alright. I got the end order for syndication. Can I do it? Mr. Hyams could take a joke. Yeah. Syndication for you, for me, for what? Forget about it. Hahaha. Alright, Kevin, thank you. Bye. Bye. We wish Hyams well, baby. Of course. Hey, John. John? Yeah? Hey, John. John? Yellow. Can we lose John? Hey, John, this is Tabitha's husband. Tabitha was one of the ladies in the 55-gallon drum challenge this past Friday. She was the hot blonde. Hahaha. Thank you. Hey, John, what's going on today? Fellas, I cannot even begin to tell you how deeply, deeply disturbed I am. It was unlike anything I could have ever had anticipated. Yeah, because how bad did Tabitha smell? Bad. How many showers did she take over the weekend? She took three immediately following the show. That was the start of basically nonstop showering. Yeah, because she had syrup and honey in her hair and baked beans and fish guts and chum. Have you gone south yet? Yeah, you know, it wasn't really that pleasant. Hahaha. Which is highly unusual. I mean, it's usually tremendous. No one's disturbing. You're Tabitha's husband, obviously. You were ten feet away from the festivities for three hours, and you didn't mind that we were abusing your wife? You know, at first, not at all. You know, I was thinking, no problem. The syrup, the corn oil, the woodpecker ciders bothered me because I brought those in to drink. Yeah, we were pouring beer on the ladies. Anything we could get our hands on. The sour milk just stunk the high head. Actually, it was sour cream. But not sour cream. No, it was cream for your coffee that was sour. How come sour cream is a lot different than sour cream? We had sour cream that you would use in your coffee left on the heater for eight hours. It smelled so bad, yet you would go to the store and buy sour cream. Why do they call it sour cream, Creamer? How could you eat sour cream and not be able to smell sour cream? So, it was just brutal, man. Hey, when you went down south, did a cockroach bite you in the nose? No, it hissed. So, what did she say after she left the studio? What was the worst part? I'm sure you guys have discussed this for the last few days. At length. I mean, it's been the only thing that we've talked about all weekend. She was really, you know, it was almost like it were torture. I mean, she was deeply, you know, really disturbed by it. Oh, really? I mean, I could... Nightmares the whole nine yards. She had nightmares? Yeah. Man, you know how big this show was Friday. We weren't effing around. It was funny, Tabitha, very different by the end of the contest. In the beginning, she was really cocky. She was boisterous. She was throwing some of the stuff back out the holes at us. And by the end, she was like trying to meditate in the barrel just to get through it. She was just about to lose it, fellas. You know, in fact, I think that if we had made them sit in there, you know, the remainder of the show, we'd have been down to one. And I think that person would have been Jane because she was just steeled, man. I mean, there was like nothing that could have been done to her that would have fazed her. How did she do when we threw the hissing cockroaches in? Like I'm telling you, that was the, you know, piece de resistance. Just imagine being in a dark barrel you can't see and they're just dropping things on top of you and the damn thing is hissing right by your ear. I'm telling you, it wasn't bad. You know, I figured I could handle the guys that had come in and paid 500 bucks apiece to dump stuff because... One guy paid a thousand. They're trying to support the show. You know, they're doing the right thing. However, it was the psychos that came in, you know, just walking off the street to dump stuff. You know, it really bothered me severely. We could tell a lot of people were saying, hey, I think Tabitha's husband is really pissed. You know, at first I was all smiles, but man, I tell you what, by the end there I was ready to rip that one guy with the flip glass the hell off of there. Oh, who was that? Which guy was that? I don't know. We had like 30, 40 listeners around the area for the whole show. There was some psycho off the street and everyone was hovering around Christie's barrel, Christie's the green one. Christie's the big green one. The big green one is Christie. Well, this psycho was, you know, over at Tabitha's barrel just constantly just dumping stuff in like wagoner. At any point were you going to take a swing at anyone? I considered it. I really did. Or were you going to come in and say, guys, I've had enough, get my wife out of the barrel? Now, I almost threw in the towel for Christie. Wow, look at that. When the guy with the flip glass was going over the line and he started pouring Nyquil into the barrel. I'm serious. Oh, that was the guy with the Nyquil. This is Joe, man. Oh, that was Joey. I like Joe. Oh, I almost ripped his head off. I didn't know that was him doing that. But John, how's Tabitha doing today? She's doing all right? She's doing great. Actually, she's right now just getting a root canal. Oh, God. That's easy. Hopefully they don't find any worms or hissy cockroaches or anything. Well, a lot of people I read about, I don't even know. I went through well over a thousand emails before the show today real fast. You guys, if you send an email, you've got to make it short because we're just scanning through these now. And a lot of people want us to do the 55-gallon challenge too. I don't know if any ladies out there are going to be brave enough to do this again. We're not going to do it anytime soon, but maybe three, four, five months down the road we might. We already came up with sicker things to throw in the barrel by the way. Oh, yeah. Oh, God. Sicker things. Hey, Tony, who was in the studio, says that you were really pissed. Let's go to Captain Anthony. Yo, ONA. What's up? Are you a cop? That's why we're calling you Captain Anthony. No, he's Captain Anthony from the boat. Yeah, I'm the chum guy. Oh, you're the chum guy. How are you? I'm the chum guy. Listen, I was standing next to John the whole time and he was saying, oh man, I can't believe I did this. And, you know, some of the obnoxious idiots. And I was kind of telling John, I'm like, John, don't worry about it. It'll be over in like an hour or two. And like, we'll laugh about it when it's all done and everything. He's like, man, I want to kill him. And especially that Joey Soprano guy. Yeah. John ain't the only one who wanted to kill him. He is annoying. Get him out of the studio. I'm telling you, everybody's like, who is that guy? And he's walking around doing his whole bit. But guys, if you have another competition, am I invited? Yes, of course. We need the chum again. That was disgusting, man. That stuff stunk to high hell. Guess what? I left it there too. I know you did. I wanted to sneak out of there and just get, I'm like to my pal, like. Ben, grab a mic. Because we know you left the chum here. Because Ben was cleaning up either Friday or today and he ran into it almost puked. Well, no, I didn't. I like cleaning up. I don't like cleaning up. I don't want to put that stuff back in my car before we go home. I got plenty of it. And I just like left it there. But I just wanted to tell you guys, I had a great time. And you know, it was awesome. You guys, I mean, people don't realize it, but you guys are really nice. And I had a great time, man. I just wanted to tell you that. Don't let that out. All right, thank you. But I did feel bad. The other girls, I drove a couple of the girls home. Yeah. And like Wendy and stuff, I drove them to their cars and stuff. Wendy's high. And they were like, all right, but they're like, oh, I'm going to have nightmares and stuff like that. Well, we found out from John Tavita's husband that Tavita did indeed have nightmares. Oh, yeah. They were like still shaking a little bit. Yeah. Like I brought them in the car. I'm like, are you guys all right? And they're like, well, you know, I mean. Well, we do hear some of the screams from them. Yeah. I mean, they are authentic, horrible scream. We have audio from Wendy. I don't know if we're going to get to it today because we're real busy today. But when we threw the cockroaches into Wendy's barrel, there are screams that are unfreaking I'm freaking believable. She even told me she's like, I freak. Yeah. Like I totally freaked out the charm, the fish, but the bugs, they freak. Hey, John, you still on the line? Yeah, man. Oh, OK. John, what's up? Hey, Andy, what's going on, buddy? Hey, man. Nothing. Nothing. We're going to get together. We're going to have a video party and check it out again. All right, man. Well, thank you. All right. All right, John. Hold on a little bit. That old gag. Hey, next show. Joe Soprano in a 55-gallon drum. Yeah. We're inviting all the girls down and the husband and boyfriends and whoever else wants. Tony was also in the studio Friday. Tony. Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? Good. That was my buddy Anthony. He just talked. I was there with him. Oh, OK. I didn't realize he was calling in, too. I'm on the way to work in the Bronx right now. Yeah. Yeah, John, he got pissed. At first, it was all funny. He was laughing. He was videotaping. They forgot to say, by the way, too. Even though he was pissed, he was videotaping the whole time. He never stopped. I just turned to him like, dude, what's the matter? He's like, this is ridiculous. I don't know what I was thinking. I saw him pacing around. When I walked out of the studio once, he looked like he was cursing under his breath or something. He was so mad. He was really pissed. The guy he was talking about with the flip-up glasses was Joe Soprano. No, John, you're on the line. That guy is a lunatic. He's a lunatic. Joe's getting some raves here today. He's insane. At the end, when they came out of the drums, I grabbed the video camera from John and I'm like, go help your wife out. He started to, and then I don't know if he was so mad he thought he was going to start swinging at guys. There was a couple of reasons why John was mad. First of all, everyone is abusing his wife in the barrel. Like John mentioned, a lot of listeners, not even people associated with the show. Then also, everyone is talking about how hot John's wife was in front of him. Yeah. Yeah, he was all fun and games and then all of a sudden he just got a little mad. But he was laughing at the end too. He was laughing again at the end. All right. Well, Tony, thank you. And John, I guess we're going to let you go. Tell Tavit that we said hi, okay? We certainly will. Bye. Bye. There they go. There they go. We might as well play another clip from the 55-gallon drum challenge from Friday. Yeah. We got some interesting clips that we're going to get to either later today or early tomorrow. All right. But here's another clip. Kind of still early on in the festivities. It's pretty good stuff. Oh, Wendy's calling in from Friday too. Oh, yeah. We'll talk to her next. Stay there. What's that, a train? What's that, a train? OP and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. Hey, Anthony, Rockaway Bedding. Yes. Oh, I love my Rockaway Bedding bed. You will too. 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey. All the brand-name mattresses, Sealy Posturepedic, Certa Perfect Sleeper, Simmons Beauty Rest. Prices up to 65% below department store prices. Rockaway Bedding is the only major area mattress store that offers you a free steel bed frame, free delivery, free complete removal of your old, stained, disgusting bedding. You can get everything you need there to sleep. Headboards, metal beds, futons, day beds, electric beds, bunk beds, anything you need to sleep. Rockaway Bedding has it. Rockaway Bedding is the fastest growing chain of mattress stores in New York and New Jersey for a reason. The best price is friendly service and free, free delivery to your home too. You can shop one of Rockaway Bedding's area stores or give them a call. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. We love it. We all use it. Jay Moore, I use it. Spaz and the lovely Erica. Everyone sleeping on a Rockaway Bedding mattress. You should too. Rockaway Bedding. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. Makes a very organized looking tombstone though, doesn't it? You ever do that when you walk into the cemetery? You're like, oh, look at that, one day. Died on your birthday. When's my birthday? Mr. Ives, I'm sorry. I thought you were going to be 78 in July. Turns out you're going to be 68. When? July? No, you're going to be 60. 60? What crock of crap is that? Big 6-0 for you. I got to be older than 60. Come on, baby. When is my birthday? You damn kids and this music. I think we're the youngest jocks in this whole city, man. You start looking at some of the ages of these guys on the radio. God damn. God damn. When am I? July? My birthday? When is it? July 27th around there. Maybe if I die on my birthday. I'll make a nice organized tombstone for me, baby. I don't understand why they didn't kill off the old broad at the end of the season. They knew she was going. They should have wrote into the storyline. That's kind of awful for her. Hey, we're going to write you off because she'll probably be dead by next year. What are they going to do now? Make believe she moved to another city? No, they'll probably just make like she died. You know, because she dead. You know? Yeah. They'll like come back the next season and be like people going, hey, sorry about your mother. Hey, F-huh. That's C. That was a pretty big storyline for the Sopranos though. We'll see what they end up doing. Well, Anthony, let's talk to Wendy, another contestant from Friday's 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. Wendy, I don't care what John says about Tabitha. Tabitha's husband John was on the show about 10 minutes ago. Yeah. That Tabitha had a really tough time with the whole 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. Yeah. Let me tell you something. Wendy was off the hook how freaked out she was on Friday. We were convinced she was going to quit and she made it barely through the whole thing. Yeah, you were freaking the F out. Oh my God. I heard screams coming out of your barrel worse than any of the other girls. You were authentically petrified. You were doing that woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo kind of scream. You really got the impression of what it must sound like when you're a serial killer and you have a girl in the barrel like in your basement and you're just ready to kill her. That has to be the exact sound that they make. That's why it was very disturbing on Friday. And actually, we've had that confirmed by, what's his face there? Big Kevin. Big Kevin confirmed that that is indeed the sound they make right before he hacks them into little pieces. It rubs lotion on its skin. It does this whenever it's told. He was a little too good with putting the girls in the barrels and knew exactly what to do. And duct tape in the barrels and all sorts of stuff. He slapped that down and had that latch on quicker than they could get out. Wendy? Yeah? So now it's Monday. It's three days after the 55-gallon drum challenge. How are you feeling today? Oh my God. You guys have no idea how scared I was when I got home. I was having nightmares. I was shaking. Really? You guys can sit here and tell me that those bugs didn't bite. Let me tell you, I have bite marks all over me. And telling you, I must have been allergic to something because I have a rash on my arms. I am a mess. How about some hygiene? No. Let me tell you, you know how many times I had a shower? It was disgusting. I still smell it in my hair. That's not the stuff. Huh? How many showers? Let me tell you, I'm taking like three showers a day. Really? Because I just feel like I still feel it on me. It's disgusting. Really? But you know, it was awesome. I had such an awesome time. You guys are the best. I love you guys. She loves it. I did. I had so much fun. You guys were so nice. I can't admit that on the air, but you guys are great. What? Pussy! What do you say? Pussy! What are you guys saying? Pussy! You guys are so mean. What are you guys doing? Nothing. I asked a simple question. Oh, you guys are horrible. I can hear it. I can hear it. Everything is clean. Let's just put it that way. But you're still smelling it? No. No? I just feel, I don't know. Wait, wait, wait. You're cursing. I'm sorry. I had a dump out. You were the one that was cursing the whole time in the barrel. I was terrible. I was inside. You're a dirty mouth, aren't you? You're going to have to shove a fish in your mouth. I don't know if you guys noticed, but I was shaking and crying in the barrel. I just wanted to make sure that I got through it. See, I felt bad because I was ready to say, you know what, we have to get Wendy out. But then I'm thinking she's going to get really pissed that she doesn't get the money. No, I told myself that I was going to do it and I had to prove to everybody that I wasn't going to do it. I had to prove them wrong. Rick is getting the clips together. Maybe later today or early tomorrow on the show we're going to play the audio of you just freaking the ass out all the way through the bugs in and the cockroaches. Yeah, the bugs. You really started screaming. Well, let me tell you, I had my ears closed when you guys were telling me that it was like those big beetles or cockroaches. It was hissing cockroaches. I couldn't hear. I just closed my ears and just said whatever it is, just dump them on me and hope they die in the water. The noise you made, you started slapping the sludge water, you started banging the sides of the barrel. Oh, it was horrible. At that point I was rooting for you. I'm like, oh my God, don't bail now. Well, one was just latching on to me. It just was right on my side. It wouldn't let go of me. And that's when I started freaking out. But thanks, guys. So you had a few nightmares. You've been showering like crazy ever since Friday. Yeah. But you had a good time. No, I had a good time. The nightmares are over, thank God, as of Saturday. No more nightmares, but it's all right. Yeah. It's better. All right. I don't know if I do it again, but you know. I don't think any of you girls will do it again. It was hard. We're already planning the second one. So can I be the one that dumps the stuff on this time? That's not a bad idea. Get the girls back to actually do the dumping next time. Definitely. We're thinking of going much sicker in the next one. Yeah, it's going to be really bad. That's all we can say right now. Much sicker. Ah. So someone's going to try to take our title. 55-Gallon Drum, the sequel. The sequel's always got to be worse. Well, I got to be invited back, so. Ah, you will. You're a hero now. Everyone's checking out these pictures on the internet. Oh, those pictures are horrible. What do you expect? What do you expect? Yeah, I know, all that crap on me. The before picture of you in the baby doll dress is nice. Oh, thank you. But coming out of the barrel is a different story. You can see the bugs on you and everything. Yeah, the worms. I got into work and all these pictures were like sitting near me because everyone made sure that they printed them out in the before, after everything. It's crazy. Yeah. You guys are now stars. Oh, thank you. You know? All right. And the smell never really got to you in the barrel? It just goes away after a while. You're so used to it and that's not really what you're thinking about after a while. You don't need to smell it. You just know the bugs are coming. I agree with her to a certain extent because we obviously weren't smelling the same thing you were inside the barrel. But this studio reeked to the point where we were getting nauseous. And then all of a sudden it seemed to go away if you stayed in there. But as soon as you left the studio and took a break and came back like five minutes later, it was like, oh my God. It was so bad. I think I had to get up and leave and then come back so you guys know what the difference is. Right. We were just stuck in there and not a lot of holes there to breathe. All your faces right in front of the holes and stuff were pretty funny. All you girls had your noses poked through the holes trying to get some fresh air. All I saw when I was sitting there is everybody turning their butt around and all I kept thinking was please don't fart in front of me. That's all I kept thinking. That's right. We never did that. No, we were supposed to do some farting. No one ever farted. I was a little freaked out if someone farted. No, I covered the hole a couple of times because I don't know who it was but a big guy was standing right in front of my barrel and I was just waiting for him to rip one. That would be big Kev. Wow, that would have knocked the barrel over. You're lucky we didn't take his jeans off him and make soup in your barrel. Well, I saw you guys opening the beans and that's what I thought was going to happen. I thought that's what you guys were doing. All right. But you made it. I think that's what you guys were doing. You guys were making sour cream, meaning cream that was soured for eight hours on the heaters. That smells really bad. That really didn't affect me. As soon as we opened the container, the smell in the studio, my God. You know what? I didn't even smell that. All right, Wendy. We've got some great audio clips of you. Great. Well, thanks for playing. I'm glad everything is okay. I'm glad the nightmares are going away slowly but surely. Well, thank you guys. All right, Wendy. All right. We'll talk to you soon. All right. Bye. Bye. There she goes, Wendy. That's great. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. That was great. On the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge, I believe we have a clip of her standing by here where we started throwing in the fish guts and the whole fishes and clams and squid. We called it the Popeye surprise, I believe. She freaked out the best. Yeah, she really did. She's freaking out pretty good here, but later on when we play the clips when the bugs were thrown in Wendy's barrel, you're not going to believe the sound. If you missed a Friday, you've got to stick around. It's sick. Hey, ladies, if you have a hairy lap, you might want to listen up here. We're talking about Mujan. Alert. Hairy-lapped women. Listen up. Mujan. Mujan is the easy way to get rid of that unsightly hair, right, Anthony? Oh, yeah. You want to look smoother and sexier? You do it with Mujan. Yes. What's the difference between a waxing and shaving? When you shave, what's left down there? Oh, my God. It's just a mess. Rash, razor stubble. You don't want it to look like Fred Flintstone's mouth. You see that with the five o'clock shadow? No, you don't do that. You use Mujan. It's easy. It's a press-on pull-off wax strip called the Mujan 2000. You don't have to heat it. No mess. It's easy. Press it on, pull it off. Unwanted hair. Gone. No unpleasant odors or chemicals to irritate your skin. Mujan 2000 is gentle, has botanicals in it, is hypoallergenic, removes hair completely. Hair is slow to grow back, lighter, thinner. Skin is softer and sexier than ever. Guys, get your ladies Mujan 2000 today. Check them out in their skimpiest McKee-Dee, most revealing summer dress tomorrow. Mujan 2000, the most comfortable way to remove hair at home. I pay salon prices, Opie. Get Mujan and Mujan it. Mujan your lap, ladies. It's available at Duane Reade, Harmon Cosmetics, Genevieve Strugs and Cosmetics Plus. If you don't see Mujan, ask the store manager to bring it in for you. Mujan. Opie and Anthony. Let's have a crack at Mujan. 1027. Number two. I think number two. 2127571027 is our phone number today. Let's check in with Psycho Mark. He's doing another WOW sticker stop today. He's at Washington Square Park. That's right, guys. I'm down here with our genius intern Dave in the WOW van. And we're heading out stickers right in the south side of Washington Square Park. Just look for the O&A WOW van, right? Yep. It was funny. We pulled up and all the homeless guys come running up. Hey man, you got t-shirts. Hey, t-shirts. How long are you going to be there, man? We'll probably be here for a good half hour, 45 minutes. We'll be down here right at the south side of Washington Square Park. Very good. On the way back to the station, try to run over some of those damn cows, will you? Oh, dude, I'm going to grab a rope and tie one in the back of the goddamn van and we'll drag it down. Thank you, Psycho Mark. Bye, guys. He's live in Washington Square Park. That's what I was doing. I fell off the van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I'm going to go get a new van. I don't know. She's claiming her game is much better now that her boobies are tight to her body and not bouncing around on the court. Oh really? She straps them down like that and she can play better? Yes. Well, it's Wimbledon coming up I guess. Is that the one coming up? I know the US opens in September or late August. I usually don't care but Anna's always pretty fun to watch as long as she wears those skimpy little shorts or those skimpy little skirts. She tucks the ball in her underwear. You see that? She goes reaching down her panties for the ball. You see the ball boy come running out and sniff the ball that time? I saw that. Yeah, I twisted that man. Rick, what's going on? Hey, what's up, Bowling Air? What's going on, guys? How are you? I was in Chicago a couple of weeks ago on business and I saw those stupid cows up and down the street. I got so pissed off where I got on my plane. I grabbed a black magic marker and like on tour three of them I just started writing O&A, wow, like everywhere. And we got left by Mark on Chicago. I don't know, we were thinking of putting some wow stickers on them. Absolutely, got to throw some wow stickers on them stupid cows. They're like all over the place. Don't we have anything better to do in this town than to put cows all over the city? I don't know. We've got enough cows in this city as is. We've got Hillary out there. Throw some wow stickers on her. Alright, Rick, thank you. Thanks buddy, bye. Bye. Shaft number one at the box office this weekend, Anthony? Shaft. I'm amazed. I'm amazed anyone was able to even watch the movie. Anybody have a problem at the movie theater seeing Shaft with people yelling at the screen, being loud? Anyone, Spaz? You saw it? Spaz saw Shaft. Did you have a problem in the theater with people talking? No, but me and Erica were the only two white people in the theater. You were? In Slotsburg? No, we went to Palisades. And we were the only two in the theater. The promos were all about African American movies too that are upcoming. There's a lot of talking. Oh really? Yeah. Like a lot of women saying, they go my boy, they go my boy. Oh really? Wow, just like my problem that I had. So you were able to watch Shaft though? Did they stop talking? No. No? No. So it was very loud? Very loud and a lot of kicking of the seats whenever the shooting occurred. They would just kick my seat from behind. Were they shooting whitey? Yeah, there was a lot of that in the film. Was it a good film? I thought it was good. It was more of a comedy than an action. How many brains do you give it? I don't have any to give. Baz gives it three brains. Out of four. Did you ever feel that you were in danger of losing your life at any moment? Yes, right before the beginning of the film when I turned around to give this big, huge African American and evil look for kicking my seat so many times. Oh good moves Baz. Yeah, and all Erica kept on telling me was, remember what Anthony went through. Right. You don't want to put him in battle mode. No. Very good. So then you were quiet and they continued kicking your seat. Yeah, for the first half of the film and the big fat woman in front of me just would not shut up. Yeah, kept yelling? Yeah, like, I would love Samuel L. Jackson to do this to me and do that to me. Oh boy. Why didn't you guys bother even going through those, just the movies in general on the weekend? Yeah, Shaft must have been a tough one to say man. A lot of the brothers going to see Shaft and you know, I hate to perpetuate a stereotype but they are very, very boisterous at the movie. It's very difficult to watch a movie with blacks or Hispanics in the movie theater. Billy? I'm going on record to sing. Billy, what's going on? Hey guys, I saw Shaft this weekend had a real problem watching the movie. Every time Samuel L. Jackson shot someone they'd go, oh, we're in here! Oh, it was bad, it was bad guys. Alright Billy. Alright. Thank you. Yep. Jesus. Mark and line 11. Hey Mark, what's going on? Hey, how are you doing? Great. I saw it at the Palisade Center also like Span's did. Yeah? A little boisterous, let's just leave it at that. Little loud? Just a little. Kind of hard seeing it? Every time. The girls were going, oh, we and all the guys were like, uh-huh. Over and over. Oh boy. Was it a good movie, Mark? I couldn't tell. You know, I was more distracted than anything. Yeah, at some point it's hard to pay attention to the movie when you're feeling that your life is in danger or you really can't listen to the movie. I'll tell you, in this case I didn't feel so threatened as I did just annoyed. Yeah, it gets really annoying because you've got to sit there, you can't say anything. Yeah, exactly, that's right. So you just sit and you spent your money, you wasted it. My wife and I have an eight month old daughter so we've seen, this is the first movie we've seen since the baby was born. My parents were up in Rockland, that's what we were doing there. We were like, hey, let's go see the movie. After that we were like, let's just rent from now on. Yeah. There you go. Alright, thank you, Mark. Let's go to Barbie on line three. Barbie, what's up? Hey guys, how you doing? Good. I just want to tell you, I went to go see you in Jersey, in Central Jersey over the weekend, Shaft on Friday. Wow. And let me tell you, we were like the only white people in the theater and there was a bra that started the beginning of the theater and there was some dude with a laser pointer and then that guy almost started another bra. The friggin' laser pointers. I swear to God. Damn, he's fun, brother. Tell him that. It's crazy. Yeah, the women go there and just drool. They leave puddles in the seats. It was nuts. Butter my popcorn, I'm doing it myself, honey. He was fun. He's fine, yeah. And you're like, you sit there and go, oh geez, what did he say? He's fine, but what did he just f'ing say? And us poor white folks, we were just sitting there like terrified. Oh, you don't say a word. We just sat there like the whole time. You don't say a word. Pathetic. You black people hold us hostage. Yeah, exactly. Black people hold us hostage in the movie theater. It's amazing. We just gotta shut up. Watch out. Do you think the black people know they get the power over whitey? Yeah, when black people are acting up, we're just not brave enough to say anything. They know we're not going to say anything. Oh, you'd be crazy to say something. You'd be adding your f'ing mind. They're going to turn around and bust a cap in your ass, man. Another white guy acts up, you have no problem confronting him. Exactly. Alright, thank you, Barbie. Thanks, bye. Bye. You guys got the power over us. The power. Yeah. KB, what's going on? Anthony, you never heard that Chris Rock joke? What? There's a difference between black people and niggas. Oh. And black people hate niggas too? Well, I think you're right there. I think Chris Rock said that. Yeah. I'm telling you, I hate going to the movies on the weekends myself because you go through the same thing. It doesn't matter if you're white, black, or Hispanic, bro. Alright, don't pain me ass. Thank you, KB. Later, bro. I just knew like going to see Shaft would be a little bit of a chore in my neighborhood. You didn't want to go see Gone in 60 Seconds, Anthony? I'll probably go see that eventually. I don't want to see that. I'll wait for rental probably. Nick, what's going on? Yo, Gone in 60 Seconds is a white guy at the Valley Street Theater on Sunrise Highway. That's the deal. I mean, here's the theater. It's got a metal detector. You know, it's not just a question of the theater. I mean, you know, I went out with the race issue and all you bleeding hearts out there jumping on my man Anthony. It's just crazy. You know, like they said, somebody once said the only thing white in that place was the movie screen. They put a metal detector in there. Do we need metal detectors at movie theaters? Movie theaters, I'll be honest. My wife and I went there. My kid was born on the first night that we went out there and it was like, you know, somebody else, he's got a gun. Metal detector. The theater never leaves the ground. It never leaves the ground. Yet you need a metal detector. Exactly. Thank you very much. Thanks for putting my life in jeopardy. All right, Nick. Thank you. Shouldn't we feel be able to feel safe in movie theaters? No, you can't. And you dare not turn around and say anything because you will will get your ass kicked. Not maybe you turn around and go, excuse me. I'm really trying to watch this movie and you're kind of being loud. Oh, you're punched. You're punched. Is this really a line from the movie? Mike from Huntington writes, in Shaft in one scene he pumps a shotgun and says it's it's Julie Anitine. Does that mean he likes the mayor? That's pretty funny. Phil from the city. Who's the man that can't get a cab? Shaft. Damn right. All right, let's go to James. James, you're next on any W. Hey. Hey, James. Yeah, I went to the movies this weekend too. Yeah. I'm going out with a couple of my friends. We're going to see Gone in 60 Seconds. We're all pretty into cars and we realized that this movie has no plot. All it is is stealing cars. It's one big car crash car chase movie, right? Yeah, there was no plot whatsoever in this movie. All it was was I'm going to steal 50 cars in one night. What happened to Nicolas Cage's career, man? Yeah, we pretty much went down the toilet this past couple of years. That eight millimeter movie or whatever? Yeah. But when I'm there, I'm going 930, so all the other people from my school are been there and gone. So I'm there with the 20, 30 year olds. So the four of us sit down, the movie starts, and six people walk in and go in front of us. They finally sit down. Halfway through the movie, cell phone goes off. All right. They act like they're turning it off. 25 minutes later, it rings again. I'm like, oh, and this is right in front of me. Right in front of me. And then they start talking like, yo, I got to go. I got to go. All right. They turn the phone off. They have a two month old baby. I didn't even see the kid. Why are you taking a two month old baby to the movie? Because they'll just cry and ruin it for everyone. And that's all they did. And then the baby's crying. And this one's rocking him back and forth. My knees are getting slammed into his chair. Oh my God. I totally sympathize with you. I've been there. I just pushed the chair way up. The woman with the kid is just pretty much on the floor. And I had my knees on the back of the chair for about 40 seconds. And you have to divvy up your time between paying attention to the movie and defending your ground. And you totally can't get into the movie. At that point, you just got to get your money back. Just leave. It's not going to get any better. Then, you know, different ways they were stealing the cars were like, you know, the newer ways and unrealistic. And one of the people in this little group here, he's going like, oh my God, you're going to get into the movie. Oh my God, you'll never tried that. I never tried. I did not. It was an educational film. But it was quite a night there. That's funny. I want to hear from some of the brothers today, man. This discussion is always one sided. I'll talk to you guys later. Where are the brothers today? Why do you have to speak up at a damn movie? We've heard. We heard. When we talked about this last time, they called up and said, yeah, you're right. I can't even go to a movie. Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? You guys rule. I went to go see a chef this weekend in central Jersey and it was a predominantly white theater. There's like 300 white people and one one black person in there and the black the black guy had had kids with them. The kids were making all kinds of noise. So somebody said, you know, the guy wants you to take the kids outside and the guy stands up only black in the whole theater. He goes, why don't you take the goddamn kid outside? The movie theater went silent. Nobody said anything. Oh, boy. I couldn't believe it. What a bunch of bitches we are. Whitey and Gentles. We are bitches. Yeah, we're scared of the black guys when they speak up, man. Now that white guys speak up, I have no problem confronting them. Yeah. Yeah. One more thing, Anthony. Were you upset that there was pornography in your girlfriend's Barney book? Barney. That's an old story. That's funny. All right, Mike. All right, guys, take it easy. Bye. Let's go to Matt. Oh, boy. Hey, Matt, what's up? How you doing, guys? Great. I went to the movies this weekend. I saw Jim Carrey sneak preview. Yeah, I was just watching a movie with my girlfriend in a nowhere in Santa Conna Cava. She's in the movie? That little cameo. Quick cameo. Yeah, like, oh, my God. She's like, what? I was like, nothing. All right. So what's the deal, man? Me, myself and Irene. Good, bad? Yeah, it definitely made me laugh. Oh, good. I can't wait to see that movie. There's better ones. All right, Matt. Thank you. All right. Guys, have fun. We will. We always do. Yeah, this hit the paper today. Actor, comedian, Jim Carrey's latest roles, anything but a laughing matter to one organization. Oh, no. Somebody's upset. Now they're going to try to get PC with the goddamn movies. I'm so sick of this crap. What organization could be pissed off? Me, myself and Irene in 20th Century Fox are coming under fire from the National Mental Health Association for apparently grossly mischaracterizing and making fun of people with schizophrenia. What? You got to be accurate in a comedy movie? Don't you love that? It's a comedy movie about somebody with some kind of schizophrenia. And since it's not medically accurate, they're upset. They're upset. Oh, yeah. That's because that's what people want to see. They want to go there and see an accurate movie. In the movie, Carrey plays a state trooper whose multiple personalities come together as a woman named Irene. The National Mental Health Association points out that schizophrenia isn't linked to split or multiple personalities. It is an illness that impairs a person's ability to think clearly and relate to others. The association contends the movie tagline, from gentle to mental. That's pretty funny. Equates mental illness with violent behavior. The association found a majority of Americans felt that depictions of people with mental illness in the entertainment industry tend to be negative. Why would... We're doomed. We're so not doomed. We're the politically correct police. You see also, the Brits are all upset about Patriot. Yeah, England upset at Mel Gibson's Patriot flick. Oh, well, get over it. Why? It shows us kicking your ass. Kicking your limey ass. Oh, my word. It shows this rambunctious bunch of Americans making us look stupid and beating us and meh. What do they say? It shows the English as being cowardly and bumbling. What else would you call somebody that walks in a straight line into a gunfire? No wonder you lost your big dopes. They're dressed in these suits, walking in a straight line. We're all in red. We're all there in the bushes just waiting. No, it's even worse than that. They're in a straight line. Who's the guy that's playing the fife? And the drums in the front row. Keep it up then. Play the fife and the drum, won't you? How stupid do you got to be to first of all be in the front row playing a goddamn fife? Hold steady, play your fife. Heading toward the enemy. Quack, quack. It's over, Johnny. What are they upset about? This is a couple hundred years ago. And we just kicked your ass. Take the beating. He bailed you out in World War II. Don't worry about it. Man. The British are upset because the bad guy is what they call merciless and bloodthirsty. And it's like, well, he's the bad guy. He's the bad guy in a movie. Oh, relax. What do you think? By definition of bad guy, he would be merciless and ruthless and bloodthirsty. Of course. Do we have some clips from the mental people, mental association about the Jim Carrey flick? Brit's pissed because they're portrayed as evil. In an unrelated note, 450 British soccer fans arrested this weekend in Belgium for getting into a drunken riot. Yeah. All right, let's play the clip from the mental association. They have a problem with me, myself and Irene. All right. I haven't seen the movie, but whenever the public is given information, I think that makes light of mental disorders or makes a joke out of it. It perpetuates stigma. Jimmy! Jimmy! I hate people who talk about something they haven't even seen. Yeah. It's the stigma. What? As a mental patient? Give me another clip. Making light of the real problems that people have and their pain and their struggle is another... ...just in poor taste. Shut up. Shut up. Their pain and struggle is a joke, isn't it? Jesus Christ. What's wrong with these people? The public takes the word like schizo and generalizes it to a lot of negative things. And what that does is that increases stigma for people with a mental illness. They're considered dangerous. They're considered crazy. It's really not scientifically based and that's a real concern for us. Yeah, schizos aren't dangerous. Hello? Right here in this fine city of ours, that loser that pushed that poor lady in front of the subway. Yeah. What was that guy diagnosed as? Schizo. How about the guy that beat the woman over the head with the brick? Schizo? I'm sure all schizos aren't dangerous. But my God. Yeah. Just look at the odds. The odds are pretty good. You're a schizo. You're doing some pretty crazy things. Yeah. I'm sure there are plenty of nice schizos in the city. I have some friends that are schizos. I think they're stereotyping schizos. But the majority of schizos are schizo. Blackout wants to set the record straight on why they speak up in the movie. All right. Hey, Wes, what's up? Hey, what's up, man? Listen, it's like an event when we go to the movie. It's like when you guys go to the football game at Tailgate. We go there just for the atmosphere. Don't you understand, my brother, that we are trying to watch the goddamn movie? But, Doug, listen, if you want to watch the movie, go watch it in Silicon Valley or something. Silicon Valley. I've got to fly all the way to California to see that movie? Well, I'm saying it's like an event. But listen, when we, yeah, and all y'all white people get scared, we love that. We've got to find out a lot about that. Yeah. And we laugh when we have jobs. So I guess it all works out in the end. I see. All right. So when we go to the movie, relax. We just got to have a good time. It's like an event. Why can't you keep your mouth shut? Yeah, come on, brother. Help us out. Help out a cracker. Okay. I can't call it. But you go to the movie and be quiet. It's like when you see something exciting, you've got to slap your man. Like, oh, man, you saw that? Yeah, because they do. They're like convulsing like a King Gimp in the seat. Like when a scene happens, they're like, oh, man, oh, man. And like, they're like, oh, man, oh, man. And they're like, oh, man, oh, man. And they're like, oh, man, oh, man. and legs are flailing like King Gimp. And the best thing, man, is the rocking chair. That was the best thing I've ever been up for in my life. Oh, my God, the rocking chair. Because now that rocking action, when you're laughing, you're going to rock back. I swear to God. And you have that weird laugh, too, that... Like that? Yeah. It looks like waves going over AstroTurf when they start rocking in the chairs. In my hood, I'm the only black guy that listens to you guys, but you guys rule. You guys are all right. We got a lot of African Americans. A lot of the brothers. A lot of the brothers. I've never got a wife. I don't like that African American thing, God damn it. What if you're Jamaican? For God's sake. It's American. Just because somebody's black, they're African American, that doesn't make any sense. What if you're from Canada, for God's sake? It's American. What if a black guy's from Canada and he's down here? What if he's from Canada, he comes down and he's described as an African American? It makes no effort sense because he's black? No, he's a black guy. We're white guys. He's actually black, so black is not really... Well, then come up with a hue we can all agree on because African American isn't right. It's not appropriate. It doesn't work. I thought we all had it figured out when we used the word color. That comment was pretty good. Well, it made more sense than calling a guy a black guy. Actually, that is in the NAACP. If you think about it, the C stands for color. It makes a little more sense than calling a guy that's light brown black. At least you say he's color. I don't want to be called black. He's light brown. Well, what do you want to be called? Because African American, you've got to agree, it doesn't fit. The guy's from Canada. He's down here visiting. Hello, how you doing? Hey, you're an African American. I am not. I'm a Canadian. He's still from really North America, so it's like... Okay, then he's from England. Comes over. He's described as an African... What if a guy from England comes over? No one knows he's from England, and he gets lost. And they describe in the paper, the missing man is described as an African American male. That isn't true. Well, to you people, it's the same thing anyway. You better joke, you guys, saying what do you call a black rocket scientist? What? Nigger. Oh, God damn. Hey, I never heard that one. You never heard that one? No. You've got to get out more, man. Heard a thousand times. I made up that joke. Britney Spears' thing with the screaming and the fire engines, and that had me dying. I almost crashed my car laughing at that. At what thing? With the Britney Spears' music, with the fire engine and the women screaming. Oh, yeah, that was pretty funny, yeah. Man, that was... It had me crying. Right on, man. But you know, man, you guys suck. All right, cool. All right, later. Peace. Quiet down in the movies. Damn it. It's an event, Dopey, that's why. And the rockin' chairs now, you've been in the news for a while. You've been in the news for a while. You've been in the news for a while. You've been in the news for a while. I swear to God, I'm waiting to see flying catapulted black people in these spring-loaded chairs because they just start... I swear to you, it looked like King Gimp when he won the Oscar. Like when someone, when Shaft shoots up some people or something. What? They're high fiving, they're slapping, the seats are rocking. It's insane. I just hope the Afro doesn't come back. I want to see the screen. Take a heads clip of it. Just cut a little you. You can see. Hello, what's going on? Hey, man. Are you black too? Yeah. I live in a good white neighborhood and you know how the white people in my neighborhood try to keep us out of the movie theaters? Yeah. No. I think that's what you guys should do before you go to see the movie. Look at you. Burn a couple of crosses. Yeah, because that's what we're talking about. No one's ever heard of anything like we're talking about. No, I know. I know. So a lot of black people are allowed and they should be dealt with. But what's the most confusing day in Harlem? You're not black. Only black people are allowed to talk to you. Yeah. I know you're white. You're lying. Black shady people. What? That's what Tom says I learned before. All right. We should take a break. Psycho Mark's getting paranoid. Psycho Mark in Washington Square Park handing out wow stickers for a little longer. Psycho Mark. Dude, you guys are going to get me killed. These black people are walking by and you guys are going colored and afro and all that stuff. These people are looking at the van like they're going to like turn on fire. These people? You should be ashamed of yourself. You're just paranoid because you're stoned. You know what pot does. It makes you all paranoid. How much did you buy so far down there at the park? A couple keys. Yeah, I don't doubt it. I got poundage in the van now. All right. Get out of here. Hey, we got Ziggy down here. He's helping us hand out stickers. How's his face? I heard he got beat up. Is Ziggy really down there? Yeah, he's right here. Where the hell did he go? He was just here a second ago. Ziggy from the homeless shopping spree. Dude, if you get Ziggy, we got to get him on the air. Yeah, I'll call you right back. I'll call you after the break. All right, man. Bye. Ziggy from the homeless shopping spree. There's Psycho Mark, Washington Square Park. Everyone down at Washington Square Park, we want to say hello to you. No matter if you're white, Asian, Puerto Rican or those colored people. Say hi to Psycho Mark, representative of us, Opi and Anthony. Radio station for everyone. Doesn't matter. Come, oh ye Negroes, and get bumper stickers from Psycho Mark in Washington Square Park. I know, he's fumbling trying to turn down the speakers. He's fumbling for the keys to try to start the van. Kevin, what's going on? Yeah, man, I just want to let you know why black people act up all the time. Whenever you see a black person trying to scare you, this is the reason why. It's because the cops are always getting on them. Oh, yeah? So they can't do anything to the cops. So what they do is just like if you've got a little brother, you just take it out on the little brother. So white guys act like people's little brother. So it's like we're taking the brunt because of the cops? That's right. It's like this is society. They're coming at you. That's what it is. So all the frustration that they got, they just take it out on y'all. Why, you get pulled over a lot? I used to when I was younger, but now I'm a little older. I keep my seatbelt on and try to drive straight. There you go. What used to happen when you got pulled over? Was it like a problem? It was like, you know, hold on, this car was reported stolen and there was flashlights all up in the car and everything. And you're like, well, was it? Hell no. Hell no. But now it's getting a little better, but it's more like the kids are just young now. They're just a little bit younger. But that's what it really is. It's just this society. That's why y'all are getting what society is giving up. It's society, OP. That's what it is. How come I never do anything but I have to sit in the movie theater and watch the movie? I don't know. I try to be courteous. I mean, white people, I mean, the police, the white people are like the Calvary. But when a black person sees a police officer, it doesn't matter what's going on, they're worried. You know, there are a lot of black cops too. Yeah, but it doesn't matter. I mean, you see the police, you're thinking about, okay, thumbs up. You know, you're always on your toes. But most white people see the police, oh, wow, look at them. Here they go, these guys. And white people don't think like that. So, it's interesting. It's a messed up way of thinking, but that's the way it is. So, in return, you're allowed in the movies. Basically, and then you know it makes perfect sense. And then when you see somebody and you're like, you get the Mac machine and then the person, you know, a black person gets out and they got a Mac card in their hand and you see a white person in there and then they want to run around, they want to run back to their car and throw the alarm on real quick and jump in and lock the doors and pull off right over the curb and everything. It's something like that. It's BS if you got to always see every day. You guys freak us out. I can't lie to you, man. I'm so nervous. It's crazy. You get so nervous. Why do you think that is? Especially when there's a group of you. Forget about it. Why do you think that is? I think it's just a whole combination of everything. It's not really, you know, it's messed up. I hope it changes because, you know. It'll never change. We're doomed as a society and somewhere down the road there's going to be like a huge civil war. There's going to be an explosion and hopefully we'll just all die. It's the only way it's ever going to be. And then I guess we'll all get along once it's like three of us on each side left. We'll have to shake hands at some point. You got no house, I got no house. Exactly. Hey, you want to help me build something out of this rubble? Yeah, let's take all this bull crap a guy in. No one will all go. Okay, I'll go do something. You build the house. Yeah. You can't take my wife because she painted me in a mess too. Jesus. Come on, I'm kidding. We're all going to get along when we're all the same color. Yeah, that's it. When we're all nice tan. Right. We're all lightly tan. We'll all get along. Yeah. That could take another few thousand years though. So white people, just be easy. If you see a black person, nine out of ten times they are right. That's the tenth point you got to watch out for. I'm too busy throwing the locks down on my door and speeding away. Are you one of the guys that pull up over the curb like the Mac machine? Yeah. No. What are you? My door is automatically locked when I leave so I don't have to. No, you ever walk past the car and you just hear a... Oh man. Down the sidewalk. I mean, I walk down the sidewalk. I have papers in my hand. You know what? All you have to do as a black guy to scare the living crap out of a white person is start walking toward their door of their car. Just like if you're crossing the street and you would normally cross between two cars, just start walking toward the door and then veer off and cross the street. You will see a white person have an effing heart attack. I swear to God, you'll just see panic in their face. They might even hit the car in front of them trying to peel out. And I hate to admit I drove in today, got off at Van Dam. Yeah. As soon as I made that right. Yeah. I locked my doors. See? It's sad but it's just instinct or something. You don't even have to worry about that because if a black person even comes at you, you're going to get a death penalty or something. So if they scratch your car, they're going to get like 20 years. Oh yeah. And if they punch you in the head, they'll get 50 and then if they kill you, you're definitely going to die. They're going to die. So. Oh no. All right, Kevin, you got a joke for us today? Let me see. Is that the penalty when they poke your eardrums out? The death penalty? They make you deaf, right? Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I misunderstood. Kevin, give us a joke. Oh. You know, one of those jokes. Yeah, give us a joke about Whitey. A Whitey joke? Yeah. Man. That's like you've never told a Whitey joke. That's what I find really funny about you guys. You guys. We could joke about you, but you guys aren't joking about us behind our back. I'm telling you, it's not even that deep. It's not. Come on. We don't even care. We got other stuff to really worry about. You just laugh at us like a certain situation. They can't be making jokes. It's not like we sit around and say, hey, did you see that white guy the way he ran across the street when I gave a hug? Why'd the white man cross the road? To go to his job. Goddamn, that's funny. No, see, that's a stereotype. Yeah, that's what you know. We'll get better, I hope, but you know. Not in our lifetime, my friend. But we're doomed as a nation. Yeah, probably. Hey, Kev, you all right, man? Yeah, you all guys are all right, too. I listen to you every day. So, you know, like I say, White people will just be easy. There's a lot of good people out there. Yeah, well, just shut up in the movie theaters. Well, I don't know about all that. You better get that. You better off the... You guys need to speak up a little more on the show. Well, we're going to try to get through, especially with... We'd like you on the other side. We're trying to get through, especially with Spad. I don't know what you're talking about, Mike. Like, he's jive. Yeah. Yeah. Especially with Spad on the other line. Mr. KKK himself, he could forget it. Yeah, he won't put you through. Kev, teach me some black slang. What, some black slang? Yeah, I need some new stuff. I wore out the other stuff. Something good and hip and in. Something new, some new stuff. Damn, you're clowning on me. Something that's sweet now that's with the set of things, sweet or fresh, you could say it's hot. It's hot? It came back to hot again. Yeah, it's hot, it's blazing. Whitey had that a few years ago. Yeah, they never had it. No, it got hot. That's neat, man. Neat. Terrific, man. It's all right, dude. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to have to get a little bit of a break. There he goes. All right. And let's take a break here. Erky-durky. Oh, you know what? We've had a few requests for this. Yeah, let's get this out of the way here. Remember our old boss? I don't want anyone to confuse this next bit for our new boss. Dada Dickweed? Dada Dickweed, yes. Can you say Dickweed on the radio? You can say Dickweed. That's an actual piece of vegetation. Maybe I can't say that. Yeah, Dickweed. We had the best boss in the world. We had the best boss in the world. We had the best boss in the world. We had the best boss in the world. We had the best boss in the world. We had the best boss in the world. He's still a loser. He would always call us in the middle of our show telling us, you know, you better not do that, you better not do this. Anything that was funny or entertaining in the least bit he would call up. Maybe we should calm down on that. Right. Okay, we'll just do a show that sucks and then get thrown off. Right. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. And then we'll just do a show that's a little bit of a pain in the ass. You know, so that we really weren't even doing anything that bad. This guy was so friggin', like up tight, he had a big stick up his ass, and he would always give us crap about everything we did. Oh God, we can't stand this guy. So the hotline rang while we're in commercials, and he's trying to convince us to stay away from the gay zone, or you're entering the gay zone. Yeah. Whatever that means. Talking about gay issues. We're, you know, we should steer clear of the gay zone. completely told on him. This is Dada Dave. Hello. Hello. What's up? I just wanted to, uh... Why are you on this line? Well, I figured it was easier than getting out of my chair and coming down the hall. Oh. Just wanted to make a request. Yeah. Maybe we could steer the show in a little different direction so that this doesn't get out of hand. What's getting out of hand? Well, I think we're going into the gay zone, and we all know where that leads. Wouldn't you agree? Not really. Hokey, pokey in the butt? No, no. Licky, licky? That's fun stuff. Yeah, it's fun, but you know what? It's going to get us in trouble. Just, you know, steer somewhere else. Hold on, we've got to break in. What he's doing there is reciting some of our bit. So what he says out of contact, it's pretty damn funny. Yeah, we... Licky, licky. Licky, licky. He's reciting what we just said during the bit. Hokey, pokey in the butt? And you're saying that's what he's saying? Yeah. He's saying that's what he's saying. He's saying that's what he's saying. I just didn't care. I thought Dave. All right, so yeah, we should have set up and say, you know, he starts reciting some of the lines from this gay bit we were doing. It's really funny. And he had no clue we were doing it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And we were like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And we were like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And we were like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And we were like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. And he was like, oh, I'm going to do it. We had that feeling on Friday. The smell was getting so bad, we were just getting pissed. All right, and let's play a quick round of what did we learn on the Opium Anthony show today. Good start to another radio, a week of radio. Let's see, I learned that the British have a problem with being the villains during a Revolutionary War movie. Joey from the Bronx, today I learned on the weekend any WDJs are worse than college DJs. Yes, for the most part, that is correct. That's true. Sumo from Connecticut, I learned what the death penalty is. Very good. From Jersey, today I learned that Opie really wants to be a black man. Could it be because Sandy wants a white guy who is hung like a black man? Joe from Queens, today I learned that Anthony got his first haircut since before the moon landing. Yes. And somebody else saying they learned I paid salon prices for my hair cut. Paul, what's up? Hey guys, what's up? How are you? I learned two things. I learned that the new number one morning show in New York City is the Shweeley and the Lawyer. Yes. And I learned that you guys only started two for Torch and Women and WrestleMania tickets. Yeah, that's true. I'll just fill one for you, boy. That's good. Take it easy. Thank you. E-Man from Jersey checking in saying that I learned that the Shweeley and the Lawyer show beats Imus in the ratings for people who weren't rated for the ratings. Right. That's plain English. That guy was out of his mind. Shweeley and the Lawyer. That was pretty funny. Let's go to Vinny. Vinny, what did you learn today? I learned that there's no honor among DJs in New York City. What do you mean? I mean, I think you guys are genuinely funny. And even when you get a little outlandish with this bizarro stuff, but to diss Vince Skelz and Eddie Trump is just off the hook. We didn't diss Eddie Trump. We didn't mention anyone by name. Oh, I'm sorry. Anthony, but you were definitely alluding to Vince Skelz. I'll personally go on record as saying Vince Skelz is an effing tool. And I'll say, I'll back Ed up on that too, but we never said anything about Eddie. All right. I live in Wanda next to the track, so you might hear a train go through. You're the guy that listens to Vin? Well, I grew up in Massapeak when I used to listen to Vin all the time. And he has shake music. You have to give him those props. Does he honestly think he's doing anything special? Anyone can do that show. I can't listen for more than, I swear to you, and I'm not exaggerating, this isn't a joke, a minute. And I've tried. I've been Sunday night driving home from something. I put on any W for a minute and I'm like, either he's babbling about something, I don't know what he's talking about, or he's playing some song from the 40s or something. I'm out of there. I punch out so fast. Well, you saved some money on therapy that way, you listen on Sunday night. He's too cool for this frigging room. He's too cool for the people that work here now. He disses in badmouths, talk radio, and this whole format in newspaper articles. He could go eff himself. Go to the internet radio like you've been doing. Have 200 people at a time, tops, listening to you before it's got a buffer and clips out on you. That's ten times the people that are probably listening on any W. I don't understand why he keeps renewing his contract if he doesn't want to be here and he talks bad about Ant and I and everyone else that works at this damn station. Go away with the rest of the frigging fossilized crap-f's that work here when we got here. All right, well, I apologize for the heavy trunk. I thought that you said his name. But he's doing a great thing going on. No, you never mentioned him by name. That's the only thing that has any bit of structure on the weekends is his show. That's fine. But as far as Vin goes, he could suck it. This radio station flat out blows on the weekends. All right, guys, thank you. And Vin thinks he's doing something special. He's not doing anything special. Thank God they got those bumps on the, when you change lanes on the expressway. When I was listening to Vin for a minute, I dozed off. I discovered one of his music songs that I wouldn't have heard on regular, you know... You could get a retarded kid to come in here with a bunch of albums from a bunch of different eras and it would sound exactly the same. Why? It's so cool because it's eclectic. It's not eclectic. It's just you throw some crap on from the 40s and then throw some crap on from the 80s and you're a genius. And then babble about something I don't even understand. Get guests in here that people don't even know who they are. Well, if, well... And then badmouth the format of this station that is trying to pull it out of a 23rd place toilet and doing better than anybody's done at this station in years. You give props to Howie and I understand that. But I think in the same way you should definitely give props to Vince. No way. Because I don't think your program would be possible. Howard did something in this medium. You can't compare Howard and Vince Skelso. Jesus Christ. Vince plays records, dude. How hard is it to play records? It's the best time at night, like, you know, let everyone know. It's not hard to play records. No, but it's freeform. Freeform, my ass. He's playing free sets. You know something, that whole thing, you're buying into it. You're buying into that whole thing. He's a legend. The three people that listen to him. Oh, it's freeform. You want to do an example of freeform? Close your eyes, Rick. Grab two CDs. Don't f'n look. Close your eyes. Grab that one. Grab another one. There. Open two CD players. There. Open two CD players. Don't look at the track. Pop one in there. No, no, leave. And pop the other CD in the other one. And seg the end to the beginning of that one. Okay, I can do this. Watch the genius of Opie now doing freeform radio. Yeah. That's something like a good play, too. There you go. Freeform radio. Opie's a f'n genius. He's a legend in New York. Plus, on top of it, I gave you a little comedy if you know anything about this radio. You can't say that, Opie. That would be a little bit beyond the freeform of Vin. I'm so sick of these DJs. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Opie's throwing the phones. Put the phone back. You can hang up on him by pushing a button, Opie. You don't have to throw the phone. I'm so sick of these... What happened? He almost hit me with the CD. I didn't throw any CD's. Holy smoke. That must be drunk. Opie's just doing freeform radio. He's a genius like that. You heard that, Seg? I'm so sick. I had to listen to this crap growing up about all these high and mighty DJs that thought they were something because they could seg goddamn records on the air. And then they'd hide behind it by calling it freeform radio and eclectic radio. No, you're singing goddamn tunes. I would love to know. I could go to a mental hospital and get a DJ to spin tunes that would sound a hell of a lot more interesting than Vince Skelton and all their other crappy jocks in this goddamn town. I'm so sick of it. How many people are listening on Sunday night? I have no clue. But I would say it's got to be in the tens of people. And then he bad mounts the format and goes somewhere else. And I've read articles where he bad mounts us personally. Of course he does. F off. Comes in here with the attitude like he's God's gift to radio. What a tool. Him and his whole F'ing crew. F off. Leave. Leave. Leave any W. You're like a barnacle hanging onto the hull. We want to pull away all these legendary DJs. Now a bunch of them work for Q104 playing the same stale, tired tunes. But they're legends because they can seg records on a radio station. Push a button. Push a button. Hate to tell you this but even in the heyday of PLJ they weren't doing anything special. They were just spinning records. But they're legends because they could do that. 99% of our audience could do what we do. Yup. Before we started talking. That's a fact. Playing records. Playing records. You do it at your home every day. If you want to go home and then pop a CD into the CD player and hit play. There you go. You're doing it. You're an eclectic genius. So sick of the crap. There is such destruction going on at this studio. What the hell? Ow! Alright. Hope he just hit Ben. Hope he just threw a box set and hit Ben right in the side and in the arm. We shoot. We shoot. Alright. Hope you have such a talent with hitting people when you throw something in anger. Ben, I'm sorry. You alright, Ben? I'm fine. Ben, get out of the mic. I didn't mean to hit you, alright? Look at his arm. Oh my God. It was the whole box set. It hit him in the forearm. I'm sorry. Alright, time to sweep up. Show's over. You got so many broken CDs out there again. Joey, if it wasn't for Ben and his arm, you wouldn't be here. If it wasn't for Vin and the other old jocks, you wouldn't have a job. F me and go suck it. Because that isn't even good. You know, come up with a valid point and I might even argue it or agree with you. What does Vin have to do with me having my job? Holding his seat with the other bastard fossils that were here for 20 years so that younger jocks couldn't get in? I'll tell you one thing. If it wasn't for all those guys before us, we would have been on the radio 10 years ago. 10 years earlier. We had to wait for people to either die or retire. Because they were legends, Anthony. Legend. Legend. And now Legend has three people listening to them on Sunday. And it pulls on us. It's a talk station now. Could you leave? Suck up what little pride you have left and move your freaking freak show to your record player to the internet or something? Please? And I'll tell you something else. That whole wall of CDs is going to go very soon. Very soon. We're going to force this stupid station's hand to do something on the weekends that makes sense. And if I was Vince, I would hide his vinyl. Yeah. The vinyl's next. Hide your vinyl. Take it home with you. Do something. Because I swear to God, that'll sound really good smashing over this console. I don't care what kind of collector's item it is. And those turntables over there, too. I want to make a pottery wheel out of it. I want to get some clay. Can we make clay? We'll get some whores up here and we'll play ghost. We'll do the scene from ghost. We'll slap some clay. We'll have them make pots. We'll feel some boobs and ruin the turntables. No, Hopey, no. No, you don't throw that. He's going to throw the Magic 8 ball at the CD wall. You know it's just going to bust. Oh, look what we've done. What? 20 seconds. Oh, no. Wow, look at that, Hope. You've got to lift it up. You know what that is? Wow, that's a big case. What is that? That's the Vince Gelsa collection. That's the entire Vince Gelsa collection in the locked wooden cabinet. Hey, who's on the hotline? No, Hopey, no. Oh, my God. Put that thing. It's going to break. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. That's what the inside of Magic 8 ball looks like. Yeah, could you just leave? You love the Internet radio thing, the Internet like you wrote about. He did an interview in some paper. I don't even know what it is, but someone sent it to us. And he's totally trashing the format of this station and trashing what people on this station are trying to do. Go screw. Leave then. Please leave. We want to make a go at this as a talk station. And you're just in the way. Take your vinyl, go to the Internet where 20 people at a time can log on, and you can hear a clipped version of every wacky tune you're trying to play. Please, could you do that? Thank you. All right, man, let's go home. Okay, terrific. Let's get out the broom again. Every day we start smashing CDs again. No one got the hint last time. How many did we break today? I learned three words, anger management therapy. Very good. Whoever wrote that. All right, another stellar show. Mm hmm. Yes. Listen to the sweeping. Dr. Domeno Ripoff. Listen to the sweeping. Dr. Domeno Ripoff. Listen to the sweeping. This is going to happen every day. We're going to break out the broom and the... And have to sweep away the old. We've been here two years. How many CDs did we break today? At least 25. At least 25? Good. And all the brooms that are gone again. Don't break the No Doubt CD. We're going to need that. Yeah, please. My favorite. Are we going to abuse Anthony if we break the No Doubt CD? Absolutely. All right, we've got to get out of here. Yeah. Yeah, let's go. All right. Thanks for listening. You are a psychopath, man. You're a schizo. Why? What happened? Something happened today? You're funny. What happened? You're funny. You almost killed every one of the people that work here. I almost broke... You all right, man? I almost broke your arm. I apologize for that. Sometimes I blank out and I don't know what I'm doing. I'm sorry. Yeah, that's okay. Lunatic. All right, we'll be back to do a live read and maybe we'll give something away here. I don't know. Stay there. Oh, Anthony. Me? I'm ignorant. Hey, ass, turn down your radio. 1027 WNEW. By the way, we wish Mr. Imus well. Yeah. A speedy recovery for the eye man from injuries sustained on my horse Destiny. Oh, Destiny. We were messing with him, but we definitely wish him well. Punched his lung, broken collarbone, five broken ribs. Separated shoulder. Crushed my big fag cowboy hat. He's a mess and we wish him well. Okay. Anthony, goofball.com. Yes. Time to goof off and have fun. You're working too hard, aren't you? You know what you do? Go to goofball.com. You're one place to stop on the Internet to take time out for really fun, a fun break. Fun break from the daily grind. It's free. It's easy to use. They have the Internet's largest joke database, thousands of hilarious audio and video clips. I was just on there and there's nudity, people. I just saw some celebrity nudity shower scenes and waterfall scenes. It's really cool. Goofball.com. Loads of outrageous cartoons, photos that will make you want more. Goofball's famous uncensored section. That's the one I went to. It's almost too good to be true. Nude celebrity shots, twisted videos. It's going to make you forget work. F work. Put this in your favorites. Goofball.com. It's the number one humor site on the Internet. Go there today. Goofball.com. Your Portal 2 stupidity. I've never seen such destruction. We have issues, man. We have serious issues. We have issues when people are writing about us in stupid articles. That whole f'n wall of CDs, gone. Gone. You best take them home, whoever wants them. This is talk. Anybody who doesn't want to listen, what works here like Vin. It's a talk station. That's what it is now. Pack it up. Pack up your turntables. Pack up your vinyl. Pack up your CDs. I think a cockroach just crawled out from behind the CDs, man. Paul Simon, dude. Someone just hit fast with a Paul Simon CD. We broke enough stuff today. It's time to go. Wow, look, it's late. We'll see you guys. Do you guys want to do some work and get some out? Give this out. All right, we'll take two or three callers right now. 2127571027. Winner receives on VHS or DVD. One of the wrestling things we got. We got WrestleMania, Summer Slam, Eve of Destruction, The Rock, The People's Champ, and Hell Yeah. You can pick which one you want. You can get it on VHS or DVD. We'll give two or three of those away. 2127571027.