 Powered by Opie and Anthony, owned by Infinity Broadcasting, this is 1027 WNEW 2234. 2137571027 is our phone number. I love these music pads. Thank you Psycho Mart. Grab Stein! Alright, let's go right back to the phone. Hey Dean, what's going on today? What's up ONA, how you doing? Great. Listen, I saw WOW starting at the Meadowlands on Channel 7 Sports yesterday. Man, WOW was all over live TV yesterday. Yeah. They were all down at the Meadowlands for the Devil's Victory Celebration. I heard when Whitman took the stage, people were chanting, whip him out, whip him out. Yeah. That was cool, though. Who wants to see those? Listen, let's take Ronald, Reverend, out there, and Eddie, let's take it a step further. Let's say that the Duke shut the whole thing up. The Duke? You know what I'm saying? He shut it all up, yeah. I mean, as crazy as he is, well let's go a step further on our end and say that he planned the whole thing. He knew the cops wouldn't do that. I just want to see video of the victims that he brought forward. I want to make sure they got fondled. Yeah. Yeah, right. You can't believe anything that the good Reverend says these days. He's a liar. He's a proven liar. His track record speaks for itself. I want to see the video of that lovely African princess with those huge, huge cans getting fondled. Yes. And then I'll believe it. Let's go to Michael. He's a high school teacher. Michael! Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. What's going on today? All right. Just a couple of things. I don't want to take up too much of your time. Are you the cool high school teacher? I would say I'm a pretty cool high school teacher, yeah. I'm very, very nice. Like you bring the class outside for class and stuff? No, not really. I'll be honest with you. You're not the cool teacher then. That's a couple of things I can touch upon. No. Why? You're not the cool teacher then. No, right. I'm a good teacher though. But no, honestly, one of the reasons why I don't bring them outside actually does relate to this. All right. There's a lot of different ramifications in the New York City school system. There are a lot of good kids, and there's a lot of kids that are called misdirected or misunderstood. Misdirected. We'll leave it at that. But I do know that a lot of these trips that they want to run outside of the school, there's so much paperwork and red tape, and you can't just take one class. You have to take them all. And they know that you're not going to be able to because you have to get all your classes covered. It has to do with how much are the parents willing to give to us as a backing to get their kids exposed to different things. And what I've noticed is that with Al Sharpton, if you want to bring him up, he is not supporting the PTAs at all in the school systems. Well, maybe I am boring. What I'm noticing, though, is that unfortunately, with this situation with these children, I call it walking the street syndrome. Because whenever I drive my car to work, they don't stop at the lights at all. They walk through the street not well trained and not reared correctly. And they act out the same way as they did in the park. Boring. Boring. Boring. Boring. Boring. Boring. Boring. Boring. Oh my God. Dude, we're not... He hung up on himself. He was like a teacher. We're not W.A.B.C., man. I felt like I was sitting there. Oh, I'm ready to doze. We're not A.B.C. Let them bore you to death with that crap. We'll make some points and we'll get stupid with the subject and we'll move on. Yeah. That's what A.B.C. does. And they blow. Yes. Seth, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? How are you, Seth? I'm all right. I know where they're taping Sex and the City today, if anybody's interested. Are they taping right now or a little later? You know the time? They're doing it right now. Where? As we speak. Where? Sarah, Aaron. Park Ave. between 27th and 28th by a restaurant called The Globe. The Globe, okay. Park Avenue between 27th and 28th Street? Yeah. Remember, we love Sarah Jessica Parker, so please go down there and say Opie and Anthony loves you. All right? Don't abuse her until we meet her. Yeah, please. Don't wreck it for us. Are we supposed to do that? Thank you, Seth. I'm going to come up to you guys with this piece of crap cell phone. All right. We're going to let you go then. We're supposed to do that, right? We did everything on our end, Anthony. We called the publicist and we told the publicist we're game. We're willing to go down to the set of Sex and the City and take the abuse that Sarah Jessica Parker wants to throw at us. Yes. We'll take it like men and then we'll move on. Yeah. And she said we'll get back to you, Seth. Oh, the blow-off maybe? That's all right. At least we did our part. She's here on the cover of TV Guide this week, Sarah Jessica Parker and the three other girls that are on Sex and the City. Yeah. Well, she challenges us to go down to the set and we accepted the challenge. We'll see where it goes from there. Yeah. The ball is in their court. Mm-hmm. So to speak. Yes. All right. Let's go to Jason. Jason, you're next on WNEW. Jason? Hey, how are you doing, guys? Hey, what's up? What's up? I mean, you guys are doing a great job as far as backing up the police department because I'm a police officer myself and when we talk about dealing with this guy, in my opinion, he's a real moron. I mean, I haven't dealt with him personally, but I mean, he's so quick to say that the cops aren't doing this and they're doing that. But in the meantime, you know, it's like, well, you aren't there and you don't know what happened and he's always quick to judge us. And basically, this man, in my opinion, he's like a total moron, in my opinion. Yeah, jerk off. He's not even quick to judge you guys. He sat on his big fat ass and was trying to figure out how he could spin it in his favor. How could I spin this? It looked like the police are at fault. Right, because I mean, remember, on Monday and Tuesday at night, we're all over the radio going, where's Reverend Al? Where's Reverend Al? Because I mean, let's face it, the pictures are showing all over the TV and in the newspapers and stuff. It's all his community. It is, I mean. So I'm like, obviously, he's going to hide in his little Reverend Al Batcave and let this blow over in the white neighborhood where he lives and send his kids to a private white school. Right. So then he sat on his fat ass and he figured out a way to spin it in his favor and he got these two black victims and now he's going for the jugular again. I want proof that those two girls get fondled over the weekend because you can't trust them. Right. I agree with you 110 percent. I mean, I guess I miss man is so quick to judge the police. In the meantime, the man should look at himself because my opinion, he's got no brain in my opinion, and I think he's very racist. Well, a good example of this whole thing is Reverend Al Sharpton is pretty much the most publicized black leader in New York City. Would you say? Oh, by far. Like if you say name a black leader of the people in New York City, I think everybody would say, well, Reverend Al. Yeah, I don't even know who would come in second. And under his reign, let's say over the past few years since we've heard of him, look at what's happening. I mean, it's ridiculous. The guy's obviously not doing that good a job. If his constituency is running around like maniacs assaulting women in the park, you know, maybe it's time to find someone else. People, listen to me, black people, listen to me. And shouldn't he be a lot thinner with all the running he does from victim to victim? I got a victim in Staten Island. I got a victim in the Bronx. I got a victim here in Manhattan. You don't work off much weight being limoed from place to place from victim to victim with no known job. I don't know what he does to make all this money that he to buy those nice suits and to limo himself around. Hey, Jimmy, what's going on? Hey, douche nozzles, what's up? How are you, man? Hey, let me ask you something, man. Yeah. How come if a bunch of black guys or Hispanics do this, it's called wilding. But if white people do it, it's called a hate crime. Yeah, I don't get it. Hey, let me ask you something. Lock and load, protect your family, start burying weapons, man. Today is going to come. It's going to come. My shack in Montana, O.P.I. Lock and load, right, wingers? I have a shack in Montana. Dutch, you're next on N.E.W. Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you, Dutch? I'm very aggravated, like everybody else. What do you suppose, let's say the cops did go in there and they direct these misdirected children on a couple swings to the nightstick? Right. And even though the victims were all racially, do you think he would even come forward? Do you think Reverend Al would come forward? Yeah, do you think he'd bring the two black girls out? If they did go in there and straighten out the situation, break them heads and everything. No, then he would have two of the guys that got hit by the police up there and he'd be suing the cops for hitting them and abusing these poor children who were just trying to have a little fun at the parade. Before that, though, he goes, hey, you know, they don't look bad enough. Punch them in the eyes a few more times. That's what he would be doing. I would guarantee, if the cops would have reacted and broke that up by twisting some arms and knocking some heads together, he would have been up on the podium in front of the news with two of the poor youths that were so horribly abused by the police department. Go ahead. I know what you're saying. And as far as everybody having a big heart out for the cops, you're not doing anything wrong. You have nothing to worry about, right? Yeah, that's what I think. I mean, you're not f'ing up. I mean, you're doing all this weird crap and you have nothing to worry about. Hey, of course you're going to run into scumbag cops. Oh, sure, yeah. I mean, I'm not stupid over here. But for the normal person running through life, if you're pulled over by a cop or pulled aside and questioned and you act like a human being, you're respectful, you answer the questions, you haven't done anything wrong, there's no problem. They let you go. You turn away. You're like, hey, thanks a lot, whatever. Okay, you guys rock. In the case you win, Anthony's going to forget your license. All right, Doug. Thank you. Bye. I forgot to tell you before the show, we got a lot of hate mail for supporting the cops. They assume there's like an ulterior motive. Let me tell you something. I can't remember the last time I needed a cop in my life. I can't tell you the last time I was pulled over. I don't even drive a car anymore, so it's not about that and PBA cards like you guys think. I have hundreds of them, I'm not going to lie, but I don't need them. I don't drive anymore. And the neighborhood I live in, I don't need cops. Right. They're not a part of my everyday life. Calling the cops and I don't understand for a group of people that hate the police so much, why are they so involved in that neighborhood, in those neighborhoods? I don't understand. And as far as Reverend Al goes, I don't see how stupid black people can be by keeping this guy as your leader and spokesperson. I don't get it. I don't get it. This guy's fleecing his own people for cash. He doesn't want things to get better because that would put him out of money. I can't even say a job because it's not a job. And why is everyone calling him a reverend? The Reverend Al, the way to get that reverendship. Was it on the back of the matchbook that I had also a draw-winky to become an artist? You could also become a reverend? What a tool. You know, the communities hate the cops so much. Cops, just clear out of these neighborhoods. Let's put a huge fence around these neighborhoods and see what happens. You can't because then when they kill each other, then they blame the police for not being there and helping. But then if the police break it up and someone gets hurt in the melee, then the police are blamed for breaking it up. It's a no-win scenario because they don't want a win. They don't want it resolved. As long as there's tension, Reverend Al keeps getting money. The more tension there is, the more Reverend Al's face is on TV. He doesn't like when it's nice and peaceful around here. Can't have it both ways. No. You've got to support the cops or not and we'll just build a huge fence and let you guys go at it. You don't even have to support the cops. Just, like I said, act like a human. Act like a human effing being when you're pulled over or approached by the cops. Unbelievable. Hey Rob, you're next on N.E.W. Alright, thanks. No, you're on. Hey, what's up, O.N.A.? This is Rob, an NYPD sergeant. Alright, what's up? Listen, everybody's overlooking the main tragedy in this park on Sunday. You know what that was? What? Bruce Frickstein's wife was groped in the park by that group. Yeah, can you imagine that? Bruce's wife walking through all of a sudden, she's getting diddled by a group of friggin' pigs. And listen, Reverend Al, he should have been groped too. Listen, the cops are doing a great job. My big breasts! Somebody groped my big breasts and my fat booty! It's such nonsense blaming the cops. You gotta place blame where it is. You can't call these people animals because they're not. They're savages. Animals care for their young. These people don't. Alright. Well thank you. Alright, keep it up. Great show. Thanks, Rob. Keith from Jersey, I'm black and that fat bastard is no leader. Stop saying that. James from Queens, guys, not all black people like Reverend Al. A lot of those coming in, so... I understand. I didn't see Rick grabbing some boobage at the parade. Buttnut from Jersey, stop the borings, I'm trying to take notes from the teacher. Ha ha ha, I just got it, white shorts, ha ha ha. Just want to let you know that Ben Stein has a live chat tonight at 8 on ComedyCentral.com. There we go. It's going to be an interesting day around here. Yes, Timmy checking in for Belmore, 4 hours plus until Make Ben Stein Cry on ComedyCentral.com. Alert the troops. Very nice. Let's take a quick break here, Anthony. Alright, just want to remind people that we are giving out wow stickers once again today. The wow promotion going along very, very nicely. Yes. I hope there'll be some wowing on the way home today to make up for yesterday's miserable weather. Remember, it's whip them out whenever. We just concentrate on it on Wednesdays. Wow stickers, get them today starting at 4 at Ramsey Outdoor. That's Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. We're looking for a very huge crowd to show up there and have some fun this afternoon. I promise there will not be any wilding at one of our promotions, okay? Our listeners are not savages. No wilding. They do like to have fun though, okay? Yes. Alright, we'll be back. O.B. and Ben today, 1027, WNEW. Today. Yes. Talking about Dr. Philotoff and Diamond Vision again, there's no need to wear glasses or contacts anymore. There's a cure. There's a cure for God's sake. And he was telling me on the phone today that hundreds of our listeners have gotten the procedure done since he started advertising with us, and every single person is very, very happy with the results. What else can I tell you? I've done the research for everyone. Modern miracle. Dr. Philotoff recently awarded the VizX Star Award. Yes. Oh my God. Yes. Top laser surgeons in the nation. How about that? Diamond Vision has now made it affordable too, Anthony. Diamond Vision has now made it affordable too, Anthony. Diamond Vision Spring Special is just $2,500. $2,500 for both eyes thanks to Diamond Vision. Laser Vision Correction is affordable to anyone who wants to see better without glasses. Call now to be entered in a drawing for a complimentary procedure. Give them a call. Diamond Vision, 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020. Diamond Vision makes Laser Vision Correction affordable. Financing available for as little as $2 a day, Anthony. Wow. 1-800-984-2020. I'm just f***ing around. Here we go. O.B. Anthony, our genius gets lost in the crap. O.B. Anthony, our genius gets lost in the crap. I'm going to cut the crap on this end, I can tell you that. 1027 WMEW. What do you got, Anthony? I got an email. Mike McQueen. Guys, the show is fun, but can you please not call blacks animals? Thank you. Twist it around, twist around our words. No one here is calling black people animals. What I was saying was a group of people will get together, 20 or 30 or so people, and start fighting for their rights. Will get together, 20 or 30 or so people, and start ravaging women in public in the park and on city streets, ripping their clothes off and sticking their hands in them, and groping their breasts and yeah, digitally raping them. Excuse me, how should I speak about them? How should I speak about those people? Those nice people? No, they are animals. Animals. Beasts. Savage people that should not be in a civilized society. I don't care if they're frigging green, a purple, a pink, with polka dots. They are animals. That's all. I'm not calling black people animals. If you want to look at the picture and say, hmm, the whole group of people doing this are people of color. What am I supposed to say? I'm not basing it on their color. I'm basing it on the fact that they're acting like uncivilized, savage animals. There you go. There you go, Mike. Denise. Hi. Hi. I just wanted to say for our female listeners out there that we really are pleasantly surprised by your guys' attitude. I mean, I was scared to listen to your show for the next few days, thinking about how you would treat them. Oh my God. You know, stuff like that, but I think I can't. We understand the difference between right and wrong. Oh, barely. Right, right. I don't think any woman should be digitally raped in public by a group of people. I mean, to let you know, I know what it's like. So I was really scared to listen to you guys, but I'm completely, pleasantly surprised. What did you think we were going to do? I thought you were going to make it light and say, like, you know, what's wrong with you guys having some fun? Oh my God. Oh my God. None at all. As if it was some kind of joke that was taken out of hand or something. The only joke I said was I would love to see the fun bags of the black lady that came forward that, uh... The governor was parading around. Well, yeah, that's just to see if it's true or not. Because she has huge cans, you know. How can you guys get enough of that? No, guys love boobs. Yeah, that's true. Oh, well, I don't want to make it long and boring, but thanks, guys. All right, Denise. Bye. Bye. Wow, we're not that bad. I mean, we're bad, but... Jesus. Man. Uh... We've got to get through a couple more of these calls, and we'll move on to other things, okay? There's a couple of black people, I guess, on the Instant Feedback. Very angry. Calling us a racist faggot. You know something? Before you have to worry about Opie and I, look at yourself, please. Okay? Fix your own house first. Then worry about us. Okay. What's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you? Uh, good. I can't believe these people call you guys racist? What did you guys do? Give me a break. First off, if anyone's racist, it's that fat cake sharpener, okay? Because if he wasn't, he'd be going after the criminals. Instead, he's turning around and blaming the cops. I mean, give me a break. If these were a group of white guys that grow black females, forget about it. He'd be suing each one of them for $10 million. Absolutely. You know, and it's ridiculous. And why are people calling us racist? Because we're two white guys saying this? I guarantee there's a bunch of people of color that feel exactly how am I feel today. Yep. It was disgusting. You know, you get a black guy or Puerto Rican guy that just wants to go to his job every day and works hard and supports his family. And I think they're probably more pissed off than white people. Exactly. Because it makes it harder for them to just live a normal life like people would want to live in this country, you know? Like a civilized human being. And it just makes it harder for them. Yeah, and unfortunately, you know, you get the people like that that cause the stereotypes that the true racists have. Guys like you and me, we're not racists. We're just pointing out facts. We're stating statistics. Yep. You know, there's having to be a group of black men that did this. We're not saying all black men do this. We're just saying this particular group is the one that did it. They act like animals. They should be dealt with, not the cops. All right, George. I'm good. Take it away, guys. More from angry black people on the Instant Feedback. The person calling themselves angry black from the Bronx, more dumb ass white propaganda. Well, however you want to say it. And oh, that Jeffrey Dahmer ate people, he wasn't an animal? No, did you hear what I just said? Yes, Jeffrey Dahmer, animal. Friggin' animal. I'm glad he got his head caved in in prison. The kids at Columbine. Animals. We're just talking about this incident. Now we're talking about this incident. Right. And yes, they are all animals, not worthy of living in a civilized society. There you go. Had there been white people that have been labeled as animals in our history, in our recent history? Of course, but that's not what we're talking about today. This instance. That's what's going on today. Hey, unbelievable. They try to twist it around. Ruth, what's going on? Hey, I just wanted to call and say that I'm a white woman who lives in Manhattan. And every single day I walk down the street, I get nothing but harassment from black men. And I just think that for the last three years it's just getting worse and worse. Like everyone I know, I have guys coming up to me, grabbing me on the street for no apparent reason. I'm just minding my own business. I have guys walking up to me asking if they can grab certain parts of my body. That's wonderful, isn't it? It's great. And it's like I have to feel threatened to walk down the street in New York City now. Because it's like I can't even walk down the street around my own neighborhood. It's just going to get worse. This year is the worst I've ever seen it. The cops, they got their hands tied behind their back. They've got to make themselves look good in front of all the minority leaders. And they're just going to back off as far as crime goes. You watch. You watch. It's going to be so much fun, this city. Anywhere you go, even if you go to a dance club, there's just nothing but groping on the dance floor. And girls don't do anything about it. They just either get pissed, walk away, or some girls even like it. Well, that's the ecstasy. It's unbelievable though. It's really unbelievable. All right, Ruth. Thank you. Bye. Howard, safe for checking in, Anthony. Hey, Ann, thanks for the support. Your PBA cards are on the way. Angry white man checking in. Please don't refer to Jeffrey Dahmer as an animal. Jesus. I'm surprised Angry Black has a computer. Did he steal it? That's Rob from Queens. I'm sorry. Just reading them as they come in. Eric, what's going on? You know, guys, call me Vinny's brother. You know which Vinny I'm talking about, right? Vinny the racist guy. Yeah. But I can't take it anymore. And feel free to ring the bell whenever you want to. I can't take these spiggy niggas anymore. Oh, ah. Call me a... That's just going to piss people off. People do carry it a little far, Opie. You got to think that somewhere John Rocker is smiling and giggling to himself. Not after last night's performance. Oh my God, they put him in for eight balls. And they were balls. I think six. Yeah, he threw six pitches last night. Six to eight pitches and they got him out of there. But you got to think somewhere behind closed doors he's giggling as he's watching the coverage from Central Park on CNN or something. Yeah, doesn't matter though. I see no solution to this problem. None whatsoever. It just will never ever be resolved. It's been going on so long. It's just the way it's always going to be. It's just going to get worse. It's a mess. All right, we'll take one more call. We got to move on because we're... I'm getting all worked up, Opie. We could do this type of radio, but we'd rather not. Rather have some boobs and fun. Let the boring folks at ABC have this one. Sean, what's going on? Yo, what's up, O&A? How are you? Listen, I got your solution. Yeah. Martial law. Yeah, that would be fun. Yeah, it would be real interesting. Martial law, cool. Of course. It wouldn't affect me. I can leave work and I go home. That's pretty much it. Yeah. All right, Sean, thank you. All right, take it easy. Bye. We got to get a play out of this little ditty and we'll be back. Stay there. The White Man is in the cool club's plan. Yelling and screaming as he's speaking to a mob. He wears expensive suits, but he doesn't have a job. Reverend Al, Reverend Al, he's your pal. Reverend Al, well he's staffing all the people in his own community. Why is the white man always peaking on me? He's got a fat belly and his hair's full of grease. No justice, no peace. The man with the plan, you know you can trust. The party little reverend with an ass just like a buggy. Reverend Al, Reverend Al, he's your pal. Reverend Al, he looks like James Brown with too many calories. Now why is the white man always peaking on me? Remember, Bernie gets in the brawly case. Turn on the TV, you would always see his face. He's feeding in his limo to another homicide. To make the network news with the family by his side. Reverend Al, Reverend Al, he's your pal. Reverend Al, all the never-ending search for some good publicity. Why is the white man always peaking on me? Reverend Al, I'm Reverend Al. He's Reverend Al, I'm Reverend Al. He's calm as brine, I'm hungry. He's Reverend Al, Reverend Al. He will represent your family and he doesn't charge a fee. Not as long as the footage makes it on the TV. Reverend Al, I'm Reverend Al. He's Reverend Al, I'm your pal. Well he's your pal, that's right, Reverend Al. He's Reverend Al, Reverend Al. He's a raised fake white hate, bag of baloney. Why is the white man always peaking on me? Reverend Al, I'm Reverend Al. He's your pal, I'm your pal. Reverend Al, I'm Reverend Al. Please open as Anthony shows. There's a good example of poor programs. 1027 WNEW. Reverend Al Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. I need Stacker 2. I need Stacker 10. Lose the weight with Stacker 2. Yeah. You think I need that? To keep my boyish figure? You look hungry. I keep some in my locket around my neck. Look like a big hubcap medallion, Volkswagen hubcap. It's full of Stacker 2. I gotta pop them every five minutes so I don't explode. Reverend Al, you look hungry. I'm starving. For some attention. That's it. Hungry for attention. It's been a whole day without seeing you on TV. My psychiatrist said I swallowed a lot of aggression as a child, along with a lot of pepperoni pizza. That old gag. I was gonna say that old gag, yeah. I want you to join Candid. Stacker 2. What's the number? 1-800-WHITE-WINE? No, LIGHT-LINE. Oh, LIGHT-LINE. 1-800-LIGHT-LINE. I thought the people at Stacker were being racially biased. No, no, no, no. But does it lose weight on black people? Yes, it does. Very good. Better than that crack stuff. Better than crack? Alright, that was a joke. I'm sorry. Maybe I went a little too far. I apologize to you and your people, Reverend Al. I'm really sorry. Reverend Al. Faster than crack. Reverend Al, 1-800-LIGHT-LINE for Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. That's 1-800-LIGHT-LINE, or visit their website, www.stacker2.com. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. While you're listening to ONA, I'm out throwing chicken wings at people. This is Jim Briller. Take that up, you stinker. Bang off! That's a good chicken wing. Remember the chicken wing thing? Yeah. I want to remind people that Jeff Norris, Gorilla Boy, will be handing out the WOW stickers once again for us today. We really appreciate the help he's given us for the show lately. He's going to be at Ramsey Outdoor. That's Route 17, North of Brems, New Jersey. He should be there by 4. Get down there. It's always a good time at these WOW sticker stops, okay? Yeah. Alright, let's go to the phones. We want to try to move on to other things here, gang. Rich, what's going on? What's up, ONA? How are you? Alright, man. Listen, I also think the solution is kind of simple. If people would stop standing around when they see stuff go down, then maybe other people might think twice before they think they could do something and get away with it. What do you mean? You know what I'm saying? If you see somebody getting mugged next year, just watch them. How many times do you hear about that? Somebody gets beat up or somebody gets raped? And every once in a while, it's New York. There's millions and millions of people and no one does anything. I would like to think I would jump in, but I don't... Oh, please. I'm not going to sit here and act like I'm brave or anything. No, I understand what you mean. But if enough people got together and said, listen... In the back of your head, you're like, yeah, I would jump in. But when you're in that situation, nine out of ten, no way. We're all freaking scared asses. No way. You get your head handed to you. Screw that, bro. You would get your head handed to you. Forget it. I don't know, man. I think... Did you see the video? Yeah, I see the video. Did you see where some guys were trying to kind of like control the situation? Hey, stop that. Stop that. You. They were getting abused themselves. No, I hate what you're saying, man. It sounds all good on paper, you know, but I just... The average person just doesn't jump in when it's that crazy. Until they allow law-abiding citizens to walk around with guns. Well, there you go. That would be nice. Everybody had a gun. You could just all of a sudden... There you go. Just shoot them all. Whip out your pieces. That's it. Imagine that. A few people all of a sudden just... That would be great. Oh, wait a minute. Maybe I should put the boobs away. There you go. Ain't going to happen. All right, Rich. Thanks, man. All right. Jesus. Just going through some instant feedback. Hey, ONA, doesn't Reverend Allen remind you of the witch doctor in the Bugs Bunny cartoons? That's just wrong, man. Rob from Brooklyn. Syndication with Al Sharpton, Trice Doctor, too. Yeah. Ain't going to happen. Want to say hi to Conan O'Brien? I guess he's a listener of our radio show, Antony. Oh, I read that. Yeah. We got a new character on this show. We're getting a ton of email on this. Keith from Mass In Pequo writes, Anybody see Conan last night? He was introducing new characters for his show, and one of them was called Camel Toe Annie. She came out and danced around with a huge prosthetic, Celine-like camel toe in her pants. That's pretty cool. And she was a little bit of a bitch. She danced around with a huge prosthetic, Celine-like camel toe in her pants. That's pretty funny. It was effing hysterical. I wish I saw that. You got to give it to Conan, man. That show, he can't interview worth a crap, but at the beginning of the show with all the skits he does and stuff, his skits are really funny, man. His skits are great. They're so out there. His skits are so much better than Letterman's and Leno's. Yeah. You know, but I don't think we could take credit for the camel toe thing. No, no. Everybody. The guys have been saying, you know, it looks like she's got a camel toe in the front of her pants for many, many years, way before we were on New York Radio. Yeah. That's like just a word people have been using. That's pretty funny, though. A lot of people have their own version of that. It looks like she's got a yo-yo in the front of her pants. It looks like she's smuggling a midget's catcher's mitt in the front of her pants. Moosnuckle. Moosnuckle. The cloven moosnuckle. Moosnuckle. Very good. And also we want to congratulate, what's this guy's name? Milo Yambag. Milo Yambag? Milo Yambag from Point Pleasant. Yeah. This guy, he's a really, really good runner. He runs all these road races in Jersey. Yeah. And he's always making the local paper with just ridiculous names that have something to do with our radio show. Yeah. And Milo Yambag came in third place overall, Anthony. All right, Milo Yambag. And the Three Mile Beach Run, June 10th, part of the Jersey Shore Running Club. What paper was this thing? Because everyone should check it out. I don't even know. They didn't know. Whatever. It's just the race results and says, ONA, the soldiers of the ONA Army run again. Mr. Yambag, that's Milo Yambag. It's the Asbury Park Press again. Oh, it's Asbury Park Press. OK. He took third place overall in the Jersey Shore Running Club, three miles in Deep Sand Run. I'm over here now. Milo. Congratulations, Milo. Milo Yambag. Good job. Very good. You ever see, you ever see on Conan the Masturbating Bear skit? No. God damn, that's pretty funny too. They bring a bear out on stage and they have to keep his arms away from his crotch because he plays himself. Yeah. And the guy talks about it and stuff. And then all of a sudden, by the end of the bit, the bear gets his hands free and just starts jerking it. Yeah. And people are. I don't think the show's going to be as funny. It is pretty funny. I don't think the show's going to be as good without Andy. Yeah, what's he doing? That's a dumb move. They just got a great chemistry. Yeah. And a lot of these guys that leave a successful show to try to make it in Hollywood just bomb miserably. Yeah. I don't know how responsible Andy is for the writing and stuff. I think he writes a lot of that stuff, Conan. Everyone knows Conan's a great comedy writer. Yeah. You know, some of the best seasons of The Simpsons, you know. Yeah, he was writing. Yeah, Conan's responsible for all that. I don't know what Andy's going to do. Where's he going? He's going to. Like, that's a dopey ass move. What a good gig you got there. He's going to make it in Hollywood like everyone else. He could get ugly. All right. I think. Instant feedbacks. And what? I don't know. It doesn't matter what you say on the show. People are just going to get pissed off at it. What do we do now? Just the black white thing. I don't want to go back into it. That we're hypocrites. Why are we hypocrites? With the animal thing. I can't. We didn't call black people animals. We said the people that did the crap in the park are animals. I don't care what color they are. Doesn't matter. All right. Make sure you don't put a black girl on the 55-gallon drum tomorrow, or Reverend Al will sue the both of you. Speaking of which, that's going to be great tomorrow. I think we're all set. Actually, we're waiting for the barrel guy to call us back. We're getting a little nervous. We've paged you. If you don't know what's going on, tomorrow's the 55-gallon drum challenge on the show. We have five ladies coming down, Anthony. We've got huge barrels. Yeah. And they've got to stay in the barrels from 2 to 7 o'clock. We're giving out a ton of money for the lady who survives all the way to 7. If they all survive until 7, I highly doubt that. Then they'll split the cash prize. It's a big deal. It's a big cash prize. A lot of cash. Basically, we're just going to be constantly dumping stuff into the barrel to make the girls' lives a living hell for five hours. Five hours in a barrel with disgusting stuff being poured on them. Last one in the barrel wins the entire thing. I don't want to give everything away, but there will be chum tomorrow. Chum. Chum will be spilled into the barrel. I mean, these girls are sick. You know, you go fishing. To go for this. You get their fish guts and all kinds of stuff. Chum. Chum. And the boys went shopping, and there's just a ton of stuff that will end up in the barrel with the ladies. Yeah. It's going to be pretty incredible. We're going to be all over the WODW website tomorrow with pictures. Plenty of pictures. As the show's going on. And believe it or not, Ant and I will be starting at 2 tomorrow. Two? Two? Come on. We'll be on at 2. Really? We've got to get the festivities going early. I'd better get in a little earlier. Well, that's why I bring this up on the air. If you can make it in by 2. I'd better get in a little earlier tomorrow. If you can make it in by 2, that would be really good. I'd greatly appreciate it. Is that the latest? Do you like goof going around the office and everything that I come tooling in late every day? No, not really. No? No. You've got hell on earth when you're not at the radio station. I hope. I sure hope so. I'd hate to be goofed on. I'm not here. No, I'm just clearing my throat. Okay. I believe we're all set. And I think we're going to allow the listeners to come down with stuff to throw in the barrel, Anthony. Stuff? Yeah, whatever they want. They're junk? I mean, we've got to make sure. We'll have someone checking what you brought down to throw in the barrel with the girls. Make sure it's not like hydrochloric acid. No, no. Who's going to boil? No, none of that crap. You know, you show up at the station while this is going on. If you've got something legit that we could use in the barrels, we will invite you down. You pour it on the girls and then get the hell out of here. Right. And let us do our damn radio show, okay? Mm-hmm. But it's shaping up to be an unbelievable show tomorrow. That's for sure. Yeah. Let's check in with Jeff Norris real fast here. Gorilla Boy! Jeff? Oh, is he there? I think he wasn't answering because of... That's kind of racist, calling him Gorilla Boy. Jeff Norris! Oh, wait. Who's wife? Jeff? Isn't that insane? See if Jeff's there on line five. Gorilla Boy's at Ramsey Outdoor, Route 17 North in Paremis, New Jersey. Looks like he has arrived. He's doing another wow sticker stop for us. And we'll take a break. We'll try to talk to him next. Also, we've got to talk about Survivor, Anthony. I hope you saw that last night. I did, finally. Very good. You can give your opinions on the show. The highly rated Survivor. I enjoyed the show last night. Yeah, we'll get into that next for a little while. Stay there. I feel stupid, oh so stupid. I feel stupid and dumb and dumb. Opie and Anthony, we've got a smile on our face and a head up our ass. 1027 WNEW. Yeah. 2127571027 is our phone number today. We've got to talk about Survivor just a little bit here, Anthony. The big show was last night on CBS. I guess you know the deal by now. You've got these castaways. Yeah, castaways. And they've got to survive on the island. Last person that survives wins a million dollars, blah, blah, blah. And last night was the big show where they had to eat rats. Rat. It wasn't quite as disgusting on the TV show as it was listening to it on this very program. Well, that's the difference between us and Network TV. They sugar coated the whole rat eating on TV last night. We gave you all the gory details last Friday on this year radio show. I want to know who the genius was that made that rat trap. Did you see that thing? I did see the rat trap. That was amazing. If I was on that island, I would starve to death. I'd starve. I'd starve. I'd be eating sand. Right. What are you going to eat? What would you even do? I made a rat trap out of bamboo and stuff. I wouldn't even be able to build a shelter. I'd be pathetic out there, man. Just in the fetal position crying on the beach. Someone rescue me. I want to go home. So, Ant, you finally got to see Survivor. You missed the first few weeks. Yeah, so you missed last night. You missed BB and Sonya. The first two that got voted off the island too. They voted off the old people. The old people. There's only one old person left. Rudy, the ex-Navy Seal. I thought he was going to get it last night. I thought he was getting thrown off. Let me tell you something. It just shows how sharp the opster is at times. Maybe. The whole show was about whether Rudy or Stacey were going to be voted off the island. Yeah, a lot of people don't like Rudy, I guess. Like I said, it was the first time I was watching last night. They don't think he's really contributing that much to the... No, he really isn't. And even he was saying, I think the younger people are going to vote me off. She's like the only old one left. Did anyone else catch when they did the montage for the show? I think they did it in the beginning or they did it coming back from commercial or something. Where they show all the castaways or whatever, you know, these people that are trying to survive on the island. They show Rudy with two to three week growth on his face. Big beard. Well, yeah, enough. I mean, a lot more hair on his face than he had on yesterday's episode. So I saw the montage and I'm like, oh great, Stacey's being voted off. There's no doubt in my mind because it's obvious Rudy survived because they show him with a heavy beard later on in the series. Yeah, he wouldn't have been able to grow that in like ten minutes. It just goes to show you that I don't really have a life that I could let you... You're picking that out. I'm picking that out in a montage. Well, Ant, what do you think of the show, first of all? I thought it was pretty good. Little hokey when they go to that tribal council. Yeah, it is hokey. And it was pouring rain so I didn't get to see him extinguish the torch. Oh, that is so dramatic. It went out already. Yeah. And then, yeah, that was kind of cool. The rat thing, like I said, I think they could have gotten a little more detail. They cut away right when he was lopping his head off. Yeah. And it wasn't as gruesome. No, not at all. I think it was more gruesome in here making it with some kind of sauce and preparing it than it was just out in the wilderness, sticking it on a stick. Yeah, I don't think anyone would argue that. I mean, you heard the rat frying in the pan on our show. Yeah, yeah. You heard people puking and the blood and the guts. It was just disgusting. Yeah, pretty sick. We still have those video clips up on foundrymusic.com, by the way, if you want to see it for yourself. I haven't even looked. So it turns out they ate the rat, the one tribe, and they had no problem with it. They said it tasted pretty good, matter of fact. Yeah. I thought they would make some facers or something. They make the obligatory, it tastes like chicken line. Right. Everyone says that. Right. And then, yeah, they had their little competition. They had to rescue one of their tribe's mates from hanging from a tree, put him in like a homemade stretcher. That was kind of hokey, huh? Yeah. And run him to a shelter. I'm like, ah, God, that kind of sucked. Yeah. I heard about some other ones they did, what, last week and the week before that were kind of cool. Where they're eating larvae. Yeah. Caterpillar things. It sounded like some kind of wacky road rules adventure that they had to do. It was pretty much a road rules adventure. I was hoping it was going to be something a little more extreme than that. And taking one of your little, what are they going to have next, one of those little sack races? Are they going to get in a sack and have to jump down the beach? And I'm so into the show I could tell you what's going to happen next without giving anything away. Okay. I did all the coming previews and stuff. I'm on the CBS website. They have a whole survivor section. They're going to have to build like an SOS. The two tribes are going to have to build some type of SOS and there's going to be a plane flying by with some great supplies for one of the tribes. And whatever SOS signal is better, that tribe will get the goods that they're going to drop from this plane. Really? Wow. That could be kind of interesting. That's kind of cool. But yesterday they were fighting for the spear so they could go spearfishing. Spearfishing, yes. And then the gay guy got to go spearfishing. The gay guy, he is gay, right? Oh, yeah. Because I'm watching. I don't know what from a hole in the wall. No, last week they determined that Rich, I think his name is Rich, is gay. So I didn't see it last week. All right, now you could appreciate this. Before you say anything, Rich, they determined he was gay last week. Rudy, the ex-Navy SEAL, was the guy, the old guy. Rubbing lotion. Was rubbing lotion on gay Rich. All I know is at one point they showed Rich last night standing on a rock talking. Within two seconds I went, this guy's gay. This guy's really gay. And that was Rich, the gay guy. I'll tell you that one broad is a lesbian. When is that coming out? The girl, she has an accent like she's from Chicago or something. Yeah. She's without a doubt gay. If anyone knows her name, please give it to us on instant feedback. Are you digging any of the chicks yet, A? A lot of people thought that Stacey was the hottest chick, the one they voted off last night. She was all right, I guess. I really didn't get to see them because it was really pouring rain and stuff. Let's cut to the chase. Colleen? Yeah. The student from Florida? Uh-huh. Okay. Taking that mud bath and stuff yet last night? That must have been at the beginning. I missed the very beginning. They found a mud hole, like the mud coming up from the ground, that really cool mud. Pounded her mud hole what? Who? I missed that. I got to get it in earlier. And she was just jumping around in the mud with her little tribe mates. Yeah? Oh, they were so naked. It was great. They might as well have been naked. They had so much mud on them. Yeah. You know? No, I didn't get to... See, I'm still kind of iffy on their names and everything. Let's go to Keith. Keith? Hey, it's Pete. How are you doing? Oh, Pete. It says Keith. Sorry. Look, Colleen. I told you. Oh my God. She is so hot. Did you tell her she was wearing a bandana around her boobs? Yeah, I did. Oh my God. Yeah. Isn't she... She's really cute. You guys got to get her on the show. I was thinking to use our poll in some way and get her on the show. You got to get her on the show. Poll? What poll? Right. We don't have a poll. We don't have a poll. They'll get a son, you know, and us. Yeah, right. The old bra that got kicked off a couple weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. So, you're a survivor, Keith? Oh, absolutely. Cool. Yeah. I was actually in AC last night and I came up from the gambling casino to watch the show. Oh, you were losing, huh? Well, yeah. It's very addicting because after a few more weeks you're really going to fall for some of these characters and hope they don't get voted off the island, you know? Yeah. Right now it's like a no-brainer. Everyone knows Rudy pretty much will go soon. Rudy just looks like a miserable old bastard. Yeah, the black lady Ramona, it looks like she's going to be voted off soon. Probably. You know? How about that doctor, though? He's some kind of neurosurgeon or something. Yeah. I don't know where he's going to go. No, he's going to survive for a little while. I think they're going to get rid of that religious freak. What's his name? Dirk? Dirk or something like that. Dirk, yeah. I think they're going to get rid of him soon. Yeah. All right, Keith. All right. Thank you. Let's go to Phil. Phil, you're next on N.E.W. How are you? Phil? Hello? What's up? Phil? Yeah, Phil. How are you doing? I know it's you. Goodbye. Dave, you're next on N.E.W. How are you? Dave? Dave? Yeah, how are you doing? These phones could really help a radio show and it could just completely wreck the energy. They're bad today. It's okay. Dave, what's going on? Yeah, well, I was wondering where did they get the rain gear and the chicken wire and all this stuff from last night? I know. I thought they were supposed to be on the island with pretty much nothing. They're supposed to have two bags of rice a piece and some char-sticks. They come up with the rain gear. Yeah, and they have chicken wire to make that little stretcher out of it. I just kind of think he's going to be able to spear fish when there's like a whole camera crew underneath the water. The fish are just waiting around for him. That's a good point. So I don't know. I don't know. Something, it doesn't seem right. Yeah, the rain slickers was like, come on. The show's called Survivor. Yeah, I know. And then they're walking to the tribal council spot with their torches. And then they get to stay there all night. And all of a sudden they walk up, they're coming up the stairs and you notice that there's more light being thrown by huge floodlights than just torches. The whole place is lit up. They do a lot of production on that show, I noticed. A lot more than I thought they were going to do. And I... Hey, we can't deal with those. One of your tribesmates was in a plane crash. Here's the plane and they have like an old piece of decrepit plane. Yeah. Very... and the guy does ham it up, the host. Jeff? Yeah, he really hams it up a little, is a little much. We had him on the show two weeks ago. We got to get him on again. Bob, what's up? It's your immunity. What is it? Tiki. Tiki. Your immunity tiki is over the... shut up. Hey, Bob. Can't you just write it down that we were the ones? Right. He had an immunity tiki. Bob, let's go. What's up? Let's go. Hey, honey, what's up? Hey, I want to tell you, what's the school that Richard's in, man? Yeah? Yeah, we were... I never knew he was gay. He was always kind of, you know, strange, you know. My friend in my life, she says... she's like, yeah, he's got issues. But we never knew he was gay. I didn't know he was gay until I just heard you guys talking about it. And finally, I watched the show last night. I see a fat ass running around, running around. He's so happy to get his snorkel and spin. I'm going to show you guys what I'm going to do. It's kind of funny to see him there, you know? Yeah. But we went to high school together. I saw him at our reunion and he told me he was going for that thing. It was one, you know... And then he went home and when he got home, he like... You are gay. Mike, you're next on NAW. Hey, did you notice Stacey, when she found out she got voted off, I think she turned to the diesel bike and said something like, you changed your vote? She goes, oh, you changed your vote and walks off all pissed off. Well, people are going to start getting pissed off now. Yeah, then at the end of the show when they had that last little bit with her, she's like, oh, I shouldn't have been voted off. I'm so great. No, she was the weak link. That's why she was picked for that slug challenge, you know, the caterpillar larva challenge thing. Yeah, I missed that. She was saying, hey, you know, let's not forget I won that competition. Well, the only reason the other team picked her because she was the weak link. Yeah, I actually missed that one. Yeah. All right, Mike, thank you. All right, syndication went off. That syndication thing might be played out by now, huh? It was so played out. It would have to be so clever and something we totally haven't heard up to this point to be even remotely funny anymore. Yeah, I mean, and now Anthony, what's going on? Hey, how you doing, guys? Hey, listen, I think my man, Gay Richard, was a champ last night and that black girl didn't want to eat the rat. She said, as poor as we get, we never eat rats. And then she took a bite. She goes, give me some more rats. As poor as we get in the, what, in the ghetto? Yeah, wherever. We never eat rats. Yeah, I just want to say next week at the Gay Parade, you will never see any guys grow than women. Wow. Goes without saying. And. Yeah, did you have to say that? And syndication went a while. Sticker is found in a mummy's tomb. All right, thank you. Bye. Wow. Ah, damn. Okay, enough with the syndication thing. Oh, if I may, the second we hear syndication, hang on. Come on, I want to make a letter. Just hang on. Hang on. All right, Justin, what's going on? I'd like to get rid of the mustard. What? That's a fun, you know what it is? It's those those rays from the sun. They're screwing up my cable, too. I was trying to watch Discovery last night and it kept petering out on me. I was pissed. The sun, the sunspot, the sunspot thing, solar flares are screwing up our electric. It's too bad because we really need the phones for this segment. Get people's opinion, opinions on Survivor. Brian, you're next on any W. Dude, Survivor is nothing but some yuppie five years ago finally saw a rerun of the real world and this and road rules and like, oh, let's do this for CBS. Dude, it's such a copy, man. Well, that's so true. I mean, it's like five years ago. They don't even try to hide that fact. They just had their own spin on it. But it's like a watch. I could watch it for like five minutes. I'm like, okay, I thought it's a 1995 when the real world in New York was on. I'm like, I can't watch that, dude. Hey Anthony, you got a little something something yet? What? Syndication when you get a little something something. Oh, you see, he didn't. He said he said it first and then he said syndication. Yeah, I'm back from Bay Ridge. Hey, douche nozzles, what happens at the end when there are only two people left? Do the viewers get to vote? Can the officer clear this up? Now, what happens is they when it's down to two, I believe they bring back all the all the people that were voted off the island and then they decide between the two that are left. Wow. Am I good or what? I love this show. I really don't. How are they going to do that? That's a little weird. I guess they'll make them watch all the episodes and stuff, because if you're voted off the first week, you have no freaking clue what went on the island in the last, you know, 10, 12 weeks. You'd have to watch. And then if the person that voted you off is last, you'd have to vote against them. Yeah. You know, one person that voted you off. But you don't know for sure. Oh, I guess you would know for sure who voted you off. Yeah, you watch the show. They kind of show you. Right. So, you know, I was voted off and they were one of the people that were left at the end. I would. You are gone. Hey, Chris, you're next on any W. How are you? Chris? Did you say Chris? Yeah. Yeah, what's up? Hey, so I was one of the girls on the island doing when they get their period. I mean, is that why the chick was in the mud bath, maybe? And I don't know, maybe Anthony might think you think Anthony thinks there anybody's wearing white shorts on the island. Very funny. I want crickets. He wants crickets. Yeah, no crickets yesterday. Believe me. Yeah, the mud. The mud was the highlight of the show yesterday. There are crabs all over the place. Why can't they eat those? Were there crabs? No. Have you seen crabs so far on the show? Trying to remember. Yeah, I think so. I think so. Maybe there's not enough protein in the crabs. I don't know. They're not bringing everyone back. Just the last seven people who were voted off. OK, thank you. OK. I voted for all of them. What's up with the fish though? There's no fish in the area. No fish? None whatsoever. Yeah, how does that happen? It's a tropical island. You would assume there's just fish everywhere. Didn't one guy catch fish though? Yeah, Gay Rich was catching the damn stingrays. Who would eat a stingray? People eat those. It's good eating, Opie. You cut them wings off? Oh great, thanks for telling me who the last four people are on the whole show. Did somebody just screw it for you? Greatly appreciated. Thank you. Thank you. I was waiting for that to happen because the show is already over. Thank you though. Appreciate it. I didn't think he would survive that long. Yeah, they're doing casting call now for Survivor 2. What do you think? You're putting in your application? My brother wants to. He's pissed at me. Really? My brother's pissed at me because officially we work for CBS and he thinks he's going to get picked for Survivor. He literally called me pissed. Probably can't because... I had an application because he spent time in Guam going to school so he assumes he's good enough for Survivor and he's really pissed at me because he's going to be picking up on me. I'm going to be picking up on you. I'm going to be picking up on you. I'm going to be picking up on you. I'm going to be picking up on you. He's really pissed at me because family and friends of CBS can't apply. I swear to God. I should have brought that up weeks ago. He's truly pissed. They'll probably do it somewhere different next time. They'll take him to Asia, Southeast Asia or something. Put him in some Vietnam POW camp. Take him to Uganda. Yeah. Take him there. That's surviving. Botswana. Rhodesia. Let's go to Rick on line 7. Rick, you're next on NAW. Yes, ONA. How are you? Regarding the two Negroes on the show. Ramona and I forgot the other guy. Yeah, the guy with the YMCA. Oh yeah. Right. By the way, how the hell do you make money working at the YMCA? But anyway, that's another point. How the hell do you get two blacks stereotypically who can't swim on this island? Well, it looks like they... Where's their jungle instinct? Oh, Jesus. It always comes down to that. We're doomed as a nation, people. It did look like they couldn't swim though. They had like inner tubes. Did you see the challenge yesterday? The inner tube. What a sick challenge. They had to move what? Water wings. They had to move like a treasure chest. Where are my swimmies? They had to have swimmies. Swimmies. How are they ever... Swimmies. That alone is going to make people vote them off the island. Yeah. If you can't swim. We're surrounded by water and you can't swim? Swimmies. Well, you could delve right into this stereotype if you want to. Jose, what's going on? Hey, how's it going, man? This show is so fake. I mean, come on. Can you really believe that there's like the producers and production agency and camera guys all on the island and stuff? I mean, really. What? Some back lot somewhere. Oh, back lot. I mean, come on. You think the show is not on an island? I really don't think. Maybe it's on an island, but they're not living there. Like, totally like in some kind of sick warped real world episode or anything. I don't know. I think they're sleeping under their shelter and stuff. I don't think so, too. I do throw them like the rain slickers and stuff when it starts raining, which is kind of stupid. Yeah. I don't know. I think it's kind of dumb. I think it's all fake, man. Seriously. I don't know. Maybe it's just me. I don't know. All right. Thanks. Mr. Conspiracy Theory. I think that guy wishes Rich would work his spear. I think it's fake. Buts. Yeah. Buts. Yeah. Fuck it. Fuck it. Yeah. Chris, what's up? What's up, O.A.? Listen. Yo. I don't understand. I think this show, I'm with The Last Par. This show is definitely staged. It's fake. I just don't understand how anybody can watch this. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I just don't understand how anybody can watch this stuff. I have better things to do on the Wimberman on Wednesday night than to watch this stupid show. What do you do? That is totally I'll go out and do whatever rather than sit home at summertime. You sit home and watch, ooh, Survivor. I agree with you. You know, people tell me they watch it because like it's a suspense and like, it's suspense like yours. Who wants to be a millionaire or a survivor? Who wants to be a foreigner off the island? That show's about done. Millionaire? Oh, God. I don't know, I like the show. It's original, everything else is in repeat. Yeah, but how do you buy into this theory that the show is real? It's definitely real to a point. It's as real as they can make it. Listen, I've got to think that the producers or there are some writers who are telling these actors or whatever you want to call them what kind of situations to get themselves into. Like a storyline, I think that there has to be some kind of storyline that's created. Please. Well, they're definitely influencing the story as it goes and stuff, but I don't know, it's fun. I'm enjoying it. I'm not taking it for serious TV or anything. Listen, Oak, it's summertime. You've got better things to do on Wednesday night than sit around and watch Survivor. Yeah, that's it, Chris. I do nothing except sit around and watch Survivor. You're right. No, no, seriously. I'm not adding towards you, but you know. The fact is I rarely watch TV. Rarely. Alright. I can't stand sitcoms. I barely watch TV. This show, I'm definitely hooked on. I'm digging it and what can I tell you? Then I watched Reggie Miller blow it last night. I hate Reggie Miller. I had a great night last night. I had a great night. I'm a die hard Knicks fan. I put on my Kobe Bryant jersey as soon as the Pacers won the series. I hate Reggie Miller. He missed it at the buzzer last night. I was jumping up and down. I was screaming. I was so damn happy. Definitely. I'm with you, Oak. Let's go. Let's go. We're Lakers. So now you're with us. Okay. Thank you. Alright. Thank you. Listen, that show sucks and you guys suck. Peace. Thank you. Alright, we've got to end our little discussion on this. Mike, what's up? What's up? This is Mike from Jersey. Yeah, Mike. I saw that Stacey chick on the early show this morning. From Survivor. She's pretty hot. She's hot when she's all dressed up and everything. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh yeah, she's pretty hot. She didn't look that hot on the island. Collie looked hot on that island. What a difference though. I also mentioned she had a boyfriend. Who was the one being carried in the stretcher? I think her name is Colleen. Was that Colleen? Yeah. Colleen was one of them. She's real hot. Like she was in her little bikini thingy with the hair here. Oh, God. Short hair. Short hair and stuff. Oh yeah. That chick Stacey was saying that she knew all along, well she thought she knew all along that that chick Susan that voted her off was on her side. Yeah. She kept saying, you know, we were in together and you know. That's why when she said that she turned to that one girl and said, oh you changed your vote. Right, right, right. She said that she was saying it to that girl Kelly. Right. But she was aiming at it. It was about Susan but she was saying it to that chick Kelly so that she could be aware, you know. Well they were trying to, you know, gang together to get Rudy off the island and it turned out that it was obvious that, you know, they changed their vote. Right. That's what she meant. She was trying to warn Kelly that, you know, you're next. Right. You know, if you don't watch out. Right. That chick Susan, the dyke is going to get you. Right. Because I think, you know, I'm surprised she voted the chick off because you would figure she'd want the girls on there with her. Nah, Stacey was a weak link there, let's face it. Yeah, but she's good for the viewers. Yeah. Not as good as Colleen. I'm praying that she lasts a few hours. Well she better last a little while longer. When she was in the mud and stuff, man, I was like, whoa. They got to do that mud thing a couple of times. I think we need to do a mud thing on our show very soon. You're going to get that chick on there, huh? I'll just get chicks and more and mud. Chicks and mud? That's not a bad combination. All right, Mike. Thank you. All right. Take care, guys. You got it. All right. Hey, Sheila. Yeah. Hi. How are you? How are you? Great. My question is, if there's something to be bathing in the water, why is everybody really clean shaven? You noticed the three girls on the raft last night? Yeah. I mean, their legs after nine days would be like hairy bushes. Yeah. Yeah, they must have razors or something, huh? Yeah. How are they bathing? They have to go into the woods and get water and stuff for bathing. Yeah, but all that water is just buried in a little container. Right. So it has to be. They have to have a separate little area that they're going to get all cleaned up. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if they had some type of area where they tell them, look, you can shower a little bit and shave your legs and stuff, because I'm sure they want them to look pretty for network TV. It would be better if they didn't do that, though. I agree. OK. Thank you. Thank you. I'm not taking it for what it is. I understand there's probably things going on to make it work. You know, I don't think it's fake, though. Someone wrote, Jimmy wrote from Jersey, yes, a back lot. It's done on a back lot right next to the set of the moon landing. Yeah, I was going to say that. Remember that controversy? Yeah. Men didn't land on the moon. Like what they did was have Disney stage it for them, right? And then in return, the government gave Disney a bunch of land in Florida, which later became Disney World. Wow. Michelle. Hi. Hi. I just started listening to a show yesterday. Yesterday? I have to say, you guys are awesome. Wow, you caught a real good show. Wow. Yeah, with the Sarah Jessica Parker thing. I know it was Friday. But you guys are hysterical. Well, we try. I'm moving out of the area. I'm really sad. I'm moving to Boston. Oh, that's bad. I'm living right in front of Fenway. Go, Sox! Go, Sox, go! You're going to spend all your time at the clubs on Lansdowne getting time. Oh, hell yeah. Atlas and all those places. Atlas. Yeah. I like that place. The place is cool. You can hear all the games from Fenway from my window. So that's going to be pretty cool. Why are you moving to Boston? I'm going to BU. BU? Yeah, for the masses. So I'm psyched to move. I'm moving in. I would bet a lot of money you're a Long Island Jewish girl. I'm set up. How can you tell? The Japs love BU. The Japs love BU. Why is that? No, my boyfriend lives in Boston. That's another reason why I'm moving. Yeah, that's cool. Boston is awesome. That was nice. The Sox suck. What? Go, Sox! No love for the Sox? Go, No-Ma! No love for the Sox, no. It's Nozmar. We hate Nozmar. Yeah, it is Nozmar. Nozmore. Nozma. He's got a big nose. Yeah, he does, but he makes a lot of money. All right, Michelle, what are you doing? I'm going to go to the gym. All right, Michelle, well have fun. Godspeed to you. I actually had something to say about Survivor. Okay. Okay, I watched it for the first time last night and it's a joke. I think, first of all, there's a hotel in Borneo where they're shipped off right away when they're sent off the show. I mean, something goes majorly wrong. They all stay in a hotel in Borneo. I think that they're being fed off the cameras. I think it's totally staged. Yeah, I'm sure there's stuff going on behind the cameras. Yeah, it just doesn't have a genuine feeling to it. Uh-huh. It's like, um... I don't know, maybe Survivor 2 will be even better, but I've got to say I'm hooked. I'm digging the show. I liked Real World Hawaii. That was hooking. Oh, with Rudy the drunk. With her and Ruthie and Amai and Colin. I mean, Ruthie, I'm sorry, Ruthie. Yeah, I mean, I think that was a little bit staged too, but I think that was more addictive than the Survivor stuff. Well, yeah, well, what happens with these reality shows, they get hundreds of hours of footage and then they make stories out of it. That's exactly what they do. That woman is definitely a lesbian. The truck driver? She's 38, yeah. She's not old. She's kind of gruffy. I think she has talked about her husband on the show, though, but that could be a beard. Maybe she doesn't want to put her sexuality blasted across to the whole world, you know? Who knows? That's true. So anyway... Have fun in Boston, Michelle. Thank you. Nice talking to you guys. You too. Bye. Bye. Don't end up in a dumpster. A little Boston humor for anyone that was living up there three years ago. That was a sick story, though, man. Huh? Carina. Carina, yeah. Found some chick. Well, half this girl in a dumpster. Yeah. Never found the other half. Where did they find her? Her upper half? Her upper half in a dumpster and never found the bottom half. Ouch. Ouch. After a night of clubbing. What are we doing? Our little serial killer tribute tomorrow. Yeah, but we should get Rick in here and see where we stand on this whole thing. Yeah. I mean, we got to make sure we got everything set. All right, no, we'll take a break and we can do that next. Cop can prove survivor is crap. All right. Hey, Jim, you're next. What's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? All right. Good. The survivor thing is a lot of crap. You got this guy, the next Navy shield, he came and laid a flyer. I know. That's true. What kind of crap is that, man? This thing's old-staged. He's older now. For what? It's basic training. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Thank you, Jim. Yeah. All right. Let's go to Jeff. He's at the sticker stop at Ramsby Outdoor, Route 17 North, Paramus, New Jersey today. How are we doing, fellow? Hello. Gorilla Boy, what's going on? We got a great crowd out here outside of Ramsby Outdoor on Route 17, right by Circuit City. Got some guys coming down, giving some pizza from Linwood Pizza in Rochelle Park. Great crowd right next to where they filmed Sopranos. And we got a good crowd here. All right. Everyone start hanging out, Jim. Got the Wow sticker, so come down. We'll be here for a while. All right, very good. Yeah, get your Wow sticker today. Ramsby Outdoor, Route 17 North, in Paramus, New Jersey. It sounds like you guys are having fun. I'm having a blast. Thanks to everything. Just look for what? Circuit City, because it's behind there or something? Yeah, it's right in the same wall as Circuit City. If you go to Circuit City, you'll see the sign on 17, and it's right after that driveway. You can't miss it. All right, Jeff, we'll talk to you soon, all right? Thanks, guys. Get your Wow stickers today. Ramsby Outdoor, Route 17 North, in Paramus, New Jersey. Anthony Mujan. Mujan. A lot of the girls on the Survivor Show, maybe they're using Mujan to keep their legs so silky smooth, Anthony. Well, that would be easy and fast. Yes, just like the women on the island. Easy and fast. Mujan, for your easy, fast women. Now, it's great. It's better than shaving. Shaving leaves razors, stubble and bumps and rashes. Oh, how do you know Mujan's great? Um, I've seen it work, Opie. Okay. I've seen Mujan in action. Okay. And, uh, yeah, shaving. Oh, my God. Some girls, they shave down there with a blade. You don't know what you're getting looks like. Oh, my God. What do you have? Maybe you should go to a doctor. Yeah, their thighs look like a strawberry. No one makes waxing easier than Mujan. Mujan features the press-on pull-off wax strip called Mujan 2000. You don't even have to heat it. No mess. It's easy. Just peel, press it on and pull it off. Your unwanted hair, gone. No unpleasant odor or chemicals to irritate your skin. Mujan 2000 is gentle, has botanicals in it, is hypoallergenic, removes the hair completely. It grows back lighter, thinner and slower. Skin is softer and sexier than before. Guys, get your ladies Mujan 2000 today. Check them out in their skimpiest bikini for the most revealing sundress tomorrow. Mujan 2000, the most comfortable way to remove hair at home. Why pay salon prices? Mujan it! Crews. I got to take out the dog. Tomo. That's a Tomo with a capital H. Ronny. Gonzo Radio. Morning. With all your goddamn degenerates down the runway to say boo. Oh, God. I'm going to punch myself. I'll be a destiny. It's almost not fair to people to put this garbage in front of them. I'm going to get it out of them. All right, guys, relax. Yeah, you understand. That's pretty good though. I'm over here now. Yeah, 212-757-1027. God, that's sick, man. Ah. Well, big Tom, man. Tom, show it off. You just wrecked my buzz, dude. Sorry. All right, sorry. You hear the whole song? What's going on? What's going on? Why not? How are your stocks doing, man? What? What did you say? How are your stocks doing? You know my stocks? About what? Your stocks? What? You like wrecking buzzes, don't you? What? My stocks. We'll start talking about the stock market when it turns around for us. Good luck. Boy, it sure turned around for a few people, huh? I'm glad to say that I'm not part of any of the stocks from that big bust that's going on. Wow, boy. The stock market is amazing. It can bring all five members of all five crime families together. All the mob families all came together on this one. It works as a team. It's an amazing story. It really is. On the cover of all the papers, USA Today has it, mob linked to stock scam. Turns out the mob sets up this company and starts getting themselves a collection of stockbrokers. They buy up a bunch of stock in these small companies, these little internet companies, these small caps they call them, penny stocks. They tell all their brokers to sell these things. Go out, tell your people this is great, it's the next big thing. A bunch of people invest in it and then the mob pulls their money out when the price goes up, gets driven up. They make a bunch of money and then they leave all the other people with the stock price plummeting and they're screwed. In some cases, the trading gets halted on some of the stocks. Is there a problem here? Holy Jesus. How do I get in on this? Yeah. It turns out though, your pal Anthony actually owned one of the stocks that they're talking about. Did he get screwed or did he have money? No, because I've said it a million times. You can't get greedy with these things, especially the penny stocks. I bought in on Weimeck's Holdings. Now I understand the support for the cops. Why? It's gotten to this level. Shut up! I bought in to Weimeck's Holdings. That's one of the stocks? Yeah, when it was at $1.50 a share. They supposedly... I don't care what they do. How did you discover that company on your own? That's what I need to know. I've been doing some research on the web. That's all. It's supposed to be a company that was going to start up this way to trade online and bypass everybody. Bypass all the middlemen. You're directly trading the stocks. It's going to be amazing. Weimeck's Holdings. Weimeck's Holdings. No, Mark's looking at me about another stock that I put his brother on. Hey, I made money on that one. You've got to sell eventually. It looks at me like I'm crazy. But this Weimeck's Holdings went from like $1 a share in December up to $20 a share by February. I guess that set off a few red flags. But I popped out at $3. $1.50, I popped out at $3. I was not looking because it wasn't moving fast. Thanks for the tip. I appreciate it. What? Weimeck's? You didn't want any piece of that. But now I'm reading the message boards. It's called a pump and dump. A pump and dump. Exactly, a pump and dump. You get into these things, they move a little bit, you pull out, you can't live on it. Like it's going to be the next frigging Microsoft or something. But the most pathetic thing is you go to the websites like ragingbull.com and you read some of the message boards that they have going on these stocks. The people are so naive, so stupid, so heartbroken, I guess, that they lost that they can't face the truth. And this one's ending up just like that ECNC that my brother tried to get me into. That also had its trading halted and they were thrown off of the trading platform. Well, now I'm reading the Weimeck's ones and I'm just laughing because it's the same thing. I called the company and the secretary told me not to worry and we're all in this together and everything's fine. And you just want to post, what are you, stupid? What are you smoking? You lost your money. It's gone. It's gone. Gone. I think this stock, they halted trading at like one and a half or give or take a little bit. When they let them trade again, resume trading, that is going to dump down to 50 cents a share, if that. And it's hysterical. The people don't realize it. It's so sad to read. You were duped. It happens. That's scary with the Internet too because you can pump up some of these stocks very easily on those messages. That's what they do. They have leverage boards and when you get corrupt stockbrokers behind it, it's easy because now it's available to so many people online trading that they all get excited and jump in. You got to jump right the hell back out. Some of these people dump thousands and thousands into these small cap penny stocks and get effed. It's hysterical. Rob's saying he got effed. Rob. 15 large here, man. On what? A company called Eporn. They just halted trading on that one. It's the same story as Waymax. It hit a brick wall yesterday morning. Absolutely incredible. Is this a movie review for the boiler room? I just like that movie. So you lost 15,000 on Eporn? Eporn, E-A-W-N, yeah. I'm sorry. Okay. Yeah, Eporn, not Eporn. I wish it was Eporn. Maybe we'd make some dollars. But yeah, I guess it's great. Geez. I took a picture of it. Yeah, I guess it's great. Yeah. Geez. I took some baths on a couple of those penny stocks. You know, nothing serious where I'm like, oh my God, but you know, it doesn't feel good, but you definitely learn, man. You get an education. You know what you do? You get sucked into it. You get sucked into it. Like I made a lot of money in it last year. Yeah. You figure, all right, I can make $30,000 in a couple of weeks. Right. I could be a millionaire in a few months. Yeah, yeah. See, if I hold on a little longer, that's what it is. You get so frigging greedy that you don't want to sell. Hey, it went up. If I sell and I check back and see this thing went up another couple of points, I'm going to be pissed that I didn't stay in. Because then I will have lost that money. No, no, you made what you made. Pull out. You're doing a math in your head then? Hey, let's bring some friends in. Give all the good news to your friends. Let them go down too. I read a few of those on the Weimex message board. Somebody going, I feel bad for myself, but I feel even worse to all the people I talked to about this stock. Some of them lost thousands. We've all been there though. It's like playing the slot machines. You don't know when to stop when you're doing the slot machines either. Yeah. Oh, Christ. Unbelievable. It's just an open frigging crap table for anyone with a laptop and an online trading account at this point. It's incredible. Yeah. All right, Rob. All right, guys, thanks. Thank you. Let's go to Mike. Mike, you're next on NAW. Yo, Mikey. Hey, I'm right here. Did you guys see the movie Boiler Room? It was all about this. I've got to see that. I haven't rented it yet. I haven't seen it either. I'm waiting for them to come out. I want to do what you guys do. There's one line in them. They never sell to women. They say, don't pitch the bitch. Because if the stock is going down, they're calling every day, driving them crazy. Yeah. If the stock is going up, they call every hour, driving them crazy. Don't pitch the bitch. There's so many emails and messages on these message boards from these people. They like call the company and they're calling the broker, they're calling everyone to try to get info. There's no info. Read the paper. There's your info. The stock was propped up and it was a pump and dump. A pump and dump. A pump and dump. Alan. Yeah. What's up? I got crushed back in December for a pump and dump. My brother-in-law belonged to a newsletter. Of course, some guy, some guru of stocks is sending out there by saying how he had the next Microsoft and all that. I was a little wary about it. I ended up buying about 50,000 shares of it. Penny stock, about three cents. Yeah. One day, it went up to about $1.25 and amazingly, everything was sold in about almost not even an hour. It was down to a penny. You should have sold more. I lost 27 grand in one hour. Why didn't you sell? What happened was, there were pump-ups and dumps and they were saying there's like few people that are going to be in on this. You start thinking hey, they don't want like few people. I do a lot of day trade all the time. Right. I figured they got my name off the thing. I figured, okay, we'll probably end up in the day trader. So, sure enough, I go ahead and do this and I then put a limit on it. Which I always do. Especially those stocks. You've got to put a limit on it. I always did. I broke my criminal rule because I figured okay, you know what? When it opened up in the morning, it was at three cents. Then it went to ten cents. I said, damn, you know, my limit was fifteen. Put it up to twenty-five. Of course, you're watching it in real time. You're watching it go up. Yeah. So, all of a sudden, I'm like, damn it, put a market order in. Before you knew it, within five minutes, ten million shares were bought. I'm like, uh-uh. The price of the dollar twenty-five, I said, I'll be damned if I'm going to be caught. Sure enough, I started watching the price go from a dollar twenty-five down. The worst part was, the broker at the time wasn't telling me if the order went through or not. Oh, so you didn't even know if it went through. I said, dude, do me a favor. Sell it. He said, I don't care if you sell it or not, but by the time I got the news back, it had burned. The worst part was, I didn't have the money for it. I had almost all of it. That's a scary feeling when you start calling friends up and saying, hey, sell me out. Oh my God. It was the worst, man. The absolute worst. Thank you, Alan. Thanks a lot, man. Have a good day. You too. The best thing about the show is that it's a show that's going to be a hit. Thanks a lot, man. Have a good day. You too. Let's go to Terrence. Terrence lost $5,000 and paid a lot of people learning. Terrence. Yeah, how's it going, guys? What's your story? I got two stories, man. I put one story. I'm 17 years old and I needed some quick money for a car. So I was watching this one stock at four and five-eighths and the next day it goes up to eight and I double my money, make $8,000. And that was about three months ago. I'm sitting down. This stock is at 20 cents now, man. Down $2,000, right? Yeah. But the one day, the day I put it in the bank, I was like, There's this one stock called Interactive Intelligence. And I get this tip at 20 cents, man. I didn't invest in it. I should have. I'm kicking myself in the ass at 20 cents. The stock's trading at 35 today. Well. Up $212,000 if I would have put in that day. And it's a classic story. You didn't lose anything. Yeah, you can't second-guess yourself. Yeah, but it's just the story. You know, you would have $212,000. The would have, should have, could have, come on. It's in the imaginary profile, man. It's in the imaginary profile, man. It's in the imaginary profile, man. It's in the imaginary profile, man. It's in the imaginary profile, man. It's gotten to the point. See, that's not somebody that lost money, though. He's just somebody that, you know, he's hindsight. It's gotten to the point. I don't even listen to stock tips anymore. Stock tips are ridiculous. I mean, you... They're like a-holes. Everyone's got them and they usually stink. Exactly. Every night on the Long Island Railroad. I can't go a night without hearing someone that has a stock tip telling their bud or their pal. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Every single night. Every single night. Every single night. Every single night. But the danger of the penny stocks, my brother was the one that calls me up with ECNC. And this is great. You know the POM that's coming out, pom.com. They got a contract with POM. And POM is a subsidiary of 3M. This is just unbelievable company. ECNC, get in now. Within three days, he calls me up. They halted trading on ECNC. Whoa. So I look it up, you know, I'm checking out some of the news on it. They never had anything with POM. The stock... They resumed trading and it just dumped. Like he lost a lot of money. But then you could read the message board. Hey, I'm still long and strong on ECNC. Everybody, this is a great stock. Bashers, get off the board, Bashers. We don't need your kind here. This is great. You'll all be coming here and we'll have the last laugh in a couple of months when it's trading at 50. And shut up, it's at 70 cents or something. There you go. Matt. What's up guys? Used to be a broker in penny stocks? Yes, sir. All right. Some of these stories that you hear like on the news now is just so funny because the naivety of people is hysterical. You know, you call some guy in North Carolina or whatever and they're just more than willing to give them money on something like they can't even say. They can't even check a quote in the newspaper because you know, five years ago, six years ago, not everybody was on the internet. And then you see now people are shocked about this. It's just so funny. Yeah, this was happening all the time. This was going on for years and years and years and years. But now that you know people watch the Sopranos and know what the word pump and dump is, they think it's some new... It's hysterical. Pump and dump. Watch this all on the news. Isn't that what they did to Hoffa? A pump and dump. It's just hysterical. You watch all this on the news, you hear idiots on the train talking, oh yeah, I whacked the bed today. Yeah, yeah. It's just hysterical. All right, Matt. Take it easy, guys. Thank you. Everyone's a friggin' stockbroker these days. Everyone's in it. Joe? Yeah. How are you? Good. What's up, guys? Good. Guys, I got a solution for you. You guys want to get syndicated? Yeah. See you on BC, guys. But that ain't happening this way. No, actually, I'm really a stockbroker. I'm just laughing my balls off over here. I'm somebody's people, man. I mean, they're so naive, like the last guy just said, you know? Yeah, so... Like I said, this isn't the way to go if you guys want to get syndicated, man. You guys got CNBC or MSNBC, man. All right. All right, guys. Thank you, Joe. CNBC, Opie and Anthony. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Chris A on Money Heist. Yeah? What's going on? Hey, can I play Guess It's In My Pants? Thank God. Yes. Yes. We're back. Absolutely. We're back to the ONA show, we all know and love. Hold on the line. We'll talk to you in a second. Talk about pump and dumps. Oh, thank God. What's in Chris's pants? Is that a pump and dump? Thank God. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. We can keep going. Thank God we can go back to what we know and love. Jay, what's up? Hey, Anthony. Yo. It's Jay with Saveville. Hey, man, I got tanked on that ECNC stock. You were in that too? Oh. Oh. My wife gets a tip from somebody at work. She's like, I can't get into ECNC. You know how I get in? Three days later, just like you, man. No, it's like my brother. Believe me, I was not in ECNC. Oh. It's so funny. You know what it is? It's the pyramid scam of this century. It used to be someone would come up to you and go, dude, there's a pyramid thing going on. All you've got to do is give me $1,000, right? We go down to the hall and we all put it in and then he deals it out to people that have been there and brought people in. We all make money. In five weeks or in a week, you are the guy at the top of the pyramid and you get $10,000. You've just got to bring in another person. Everyone is like, where can I throw my money? Please, someone take my money. You go to the place where you get $1,000, all of a sudden the guy gets a hold of you three days later. Oh, dude, the pyramid collapsed. It collapsed. It happened. No, everyone else, I swear, people were making thousands. But just when it was going to go to you, it collapsed. Don't forget about the guy who played the, I mean, you get the corporate employees that play the stock. They put it in the news. They trump it up and then all of a sudden they sell their shares in the stock tanks. Yeah, well that's commonplace. All right, ALB, indication when Bob Buckman finally gets the hell off of New York Radio. Thank you, Jay. Take care. Poor Bob. Leave Bobby alone. He's having fun over there. Poor Bob. He sounds happy. Poor Bobby. Bob, I made the Bruce concert today. All right, listen, we've got Chrissy on hold to play What's In My Pants. Yeah. We have Jeff Norris, Gorilla Boy, handing out wow stickers at Ramsey Outdoor on Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey, behind Circuit City or in the Circuit City shopping center. You know where it is, if you're in the area. Stop by. He's having a lot of fun there. And what else did I want to say? Oh, going to break. Someone brought to our attention that Croc Week starts on the 18th with the crazy, insane Aussie guy. Yeah, Croc Week. Look at that bugger. He's gorgeous. Yeah. Well, I got something from the ONA archives as we go to break here, okay? We'll be back. And we got to welcome Rick, our producer, back to the show. He's back. Rick, now a married man. Yep. Hold it up high. Let me see. Back. Oh, you want to see the ring? Hold it up. There it is. Wow. Boy, that is a permanent ring, isn't it? Jesus, there ain't no mistake in that. I've been tagged, so I want to return to the wild. She knows exactly where I am. I was going to say, that looks like a tagging. This one's been tagged. Look at him. I saw that guy this weekend. Did you have the crocodile hunt? God damn, does he make me laugh. Isn't he funny? He's really funny. He like doesn't care what the hell he's doing. Right. I've seen him stick his head in a cave where there were snakes, and the snake started biting his face. And he's just like, look at these gorgeous creatures. They're gorgeous. They're biting my face. This is gorgeous. And he's got his wife with him. Yeah. She's some American broad. And they're in the middle of a river, and there's crocodiles in there. And you see one go by, a big one. He's like, all right, watch the boat, honey. And he jumps in. And he starts grabbing the mouth, and he's talking as he's doing it. I'm going to try to roll him over before he goes into a death roll. Death roll? Because they did like a trochle, grab onto something, and then roll. It'll just spin. And it's tailing everything in there, so you can't get frayed. And also, whatever it's grabbed onto, it's ripping a chunk out of it as the croc spins. Sure. Usually it's some poor, dopey wildebeest that went into the river. Not this dopey Australian guy who's trying to wrestle it on his home turf. Yeah. That's the alligator's home turf. I've got him now. Look at it. Honey, OK, honey, now jump in. And he gets his wife in there to sit on the croc's head. Sit on his head, honey. I'm going to stick my thumb up his bum and see if he's male or female. Well, this weekend he was chasing crocodiles. He was chasing them? Yeah, there was some form of crocodile. They moved pretty damn fast and stuff. And he was chasing them. They were about three, four feet long, could run like a mother. And he's running all over the place tackling these things. He doesn't care. No. You've seen him with all kinds of animals. He gets bitten. He had a kangaroo once, and he was trying to wrestle that thing down. And the thing's just kicking the crap out of him. He's gorgeous. Look at the color on this. It's just bleeding and everything. Bob, what's going on? Yeah, you ever notice that he's always wearing those same khaki shorts and t-shirt? That's all he owns. That's that Australian outback kind of wear. Right, right. The guy jumps in the ocean, right? He's going to rescue a shark from a net. He's wearing the same khaki shorts and t-shirt. Yeah, yeah. He doesn't change. No, he doesn't change. He doesn't change. His wife throws in the scuba tank with him, and he's still wearing this. He's still scuba diving underwater in the shirt. In his crocodile bun D outfit. Right, right. He's got the boots on over his slippers. He's some kind of superhero, I think. I don't know what the hell he is. Yeah, and then he's diving with those sharks, and he sticks his hand in the hole in the coral and pulls it out. And it's like totally bloody. You see him on the boat. Oh, they got my hand. They seem to have bitten me. Yeah, no crap. Look at what you're doing. You're taunting them. This guy has no fear whatsoever. He's swimming with crocodiles going into the mud holes. He ducks underneath the water, underneath the rocks, and pulls out the little crocodiles. Where the hell did you get that thing from? You'll get a missing coach. Yeah, and then he's crawling along next to him, right, sticking his face in the thing's nose. He bit me. He bit my face. I saw him. He was holding a snake. The thing laid right into his nose. Oh, no, don't do this at home. Don't do this. Yeah, sure. I was really just thinking of going out and doing that at home. Trying to find a snake. Thank you, Bob. He was chasing some kind of animals with a land rover. And he's on the bumper trying to rope it. And he missed. So he just tells his wife to pull up next to it and jumped off the rover onto this thing's head. It looked like he was being trampled because he was. I got him, honey. I've got him. Like hoof marks in his face. Look, it's gorgeous. You think he throws his wife around like that in the bed? Probably. Look, I'm going to roll her. She's going into a death row. Now I'll stick my thumb up her bum. I'm going to give her what we call the lichus. Take a u-log over her head. Jason, what's going on? Yeah, how you doing, guys? All right. I saw him making excuses for a poisonous snake once for trying to bite him. I'd be right angry too late if I was in your and you in my house trying to get my baby. And he's like coming like two inches from me, snapping away at him and his wife for trying to catch these poisonous snakes in South America. And he's making excuses for them for trying to bite them. You guys are such a tool that you've got to watch them. I was laughing so hard. Crocodile hunt. Between that and the Giants game, I had a lot of comedy this weekend. I'm putting my money back in my little little bank account in your mattress. I'm going to put put it back in the bank, Anthony. I'm going to have my little book and I'm going to keep track of my savings. It's tough. It's tough to make a turn a buck these days. Anyway, sharper image, Anthony. Yeah. The fine company that gives you the razor razor. I'm going to put it back in the bank. I'm going to put it back in the bank. I'm going to put it back in the bank. I'm going to put it back in the bank. The fine company that gives you the razor roller board scooter. During that bit from the ONA archives, I was tooling up and down the hallways. I saw that. Having fun, man. I love these things. We love it. Driving home, I saw more people riding them around on the streets of Manhattan. A lot of people digging these things. Hot new product for the summer, a gleaming stainless steel aluminum inline scooter. Lightweight, easy to maneuver, foldable for compact storage. It's really state of the art. The thing looks like something out of the Terminator. Constable locking steering arm, sleek look, and fun to ride. Perfect for kids, teens, college students. Even a few commuters, you see, tooling around on these things. It's available only from the sharper image. Visit one of the stores or go online sharperimage.com. Or just give them a call, 1-800-344-4444. Listen to win. Why don't we get one on the way now? Ho ho ho ho ho ho ha ho. Waa ha ha ha ha ha. Why talk about winning when we can sit up one of our customers? 10th caller at 2127571027 will win a Razor Roller Board Scooter courtesy of Sharper Image. You can also win by visiting any New York area sharper image store and filling out an entry blank. Each store will give away 5 Razors on Sunday, June 25th. No purchase necessary. The winner need not be present so stop into a sharper image near you and sign up for that. Okay? It's the Razor Rollerboard Scooter. Powered by Opie and Anthony Hall. By Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027 WNEW. 2127571027. This is the most interactive radio show in America. I would guarantee you that. Very excited about tomorrow's event here, Opie. The 55-gallon drum challenge. Yes. Going down tomorrow, screw an island. Screw trying to survive in an island. How about trying to survive in a 55-gallon drum? Well, serial killers, this radio personality haunts you. This is the second event in our Survivor Series, Anthony. Yes, we have the rat eating. Last week it was people eating rats. The Survivor Series. This week it's five fine young ladies in their brawn panties staying in a barrel for five straight hours with a lid on top as we continually dump stuff into the barrel, Anthony. I don't want to give everything away, but yes, fish chum will be involved. And that is not the most gruesome thing. Oh, no. We keep telling the contestants, are you sure you want to do this? It's going to get a little ugly. They're all totally into it. All in it for the hard, cold cash that will be given away. Cold cash up for grabs and a free bicycle worth up to $1,000 from Shrewsbury Bicycle and other things. Just about set, the interesting thing is we still have a few spots left if you want to come down and check out the festivities. We've had listeners pledging money for a spot to come down with a friend to check out what's going on. We're trying to subsidize the prize money. I've taken it from you people. Because for some reason the company does want to help us out with this one once again. I don't get it. We have to make our own noise here. So we figured, all right, what the hell? We'll sell seats to the event. The highest bidders get to come in and check out what's going on with the girls in the barrels. Maybe for their price they can lean over the barrel and pour some of the goop on themselves. Very good. Be a little involved in all of this. If you're near the station tomorrow, we are encouraging listeners to bring stuff down that we can dump into the barrel. We'll decide when you get to the station whether we'll allow you to dump it into the barrel because we don't want something that might harm the people. Something that might burn their skin or their bodies or something. We don't want to make a front page like that. No, no. We're also going to have the semi-live studio camp set up. We'll have all sorts of pictures as it's going down tomorrow. Matter of fact, I think we're going to start our show tomorrow at 2. 2? What? We're going to start tomorrow at 2. Oh, 2. Okay. 2 o'clock? It'll be the Opie show until 2.30 and then Anthony at 2.30 to 7 tomorrow. Oh, come on. But I'm trying to get in. 2 o'clock tomorrow. We'll be live. No old bits or anything because we've got to get the girls in the barrels right at 2 o'clock because this is heavy competition going down tomorrow. Gee, I hope our wacky radio tomorrow doesn't end up like the wacky radio stunt that happened at WMRVFM in Endwell, New York. Endwell, isn't that? Wait, wait. I could tell you where Endwell is. I think I drove through that stupid town like a thousand times going to Geneseo. Yeah? Is that near Binghamton? Broome County? Slotsburg. No, I don't think it's near Slotsburg. Is it near Binghamton area? Whatever. All right, so what happened up there? A radio station's attempt to generate excitement by faking an appearance by Britney Spears ended. Wait, can I stop you for a second? Yeah, yeah. Go ahead, Omi. Stop me. We've got Britney Spears here live in our studio. Idiot alert first. Rick, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? All right. Hey, listen, you're going to have that thing tomorrow with the girl and the drum. Don't leave her inside that drum too long with the top on. She could suffocate. Okay, stupid. Really, Rick? So if you seal the top and don't put air holes or anything, they could suffocate and die? Real quick. Okay, stupid. The big yellow one's a son. Any other tips for our little promotion tomorrow? No, no, that's about it. All right, Rick, write that down. Yeah, don't seal them in with no air holes because they may die. I'm glad that Rick had a call. Take time out of his busy day to let us know that. Thank you. Just to pay him back for that tip. Can I give him a little tip? Yeah, yeah. Don't inhale underwater, okay, because you might drown. And could you hold that story up for a second? Because a lot of people are getting pissed because we're not playing What's in My Pants with Chris. Oh, okay. Something we teased. People don't like when we do the radio teases. Well, it was a breaking story on the wire. I understand that. Hold your Britney Spears story for a minute, okay? I'll hold Britney Spears. All right, Chrissy, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, Chrissy. I hear you want to play What's in My Pants? Of course, why not? We like playing this game once a week tops. We haven't played it this week. No. So I think we can play today. Where are you calling from? I'm calling from Sarahville. All right, and what are you looking for? Sarahville. Home of Bon Jovi, right? Yeah. Are you going to get the new Bon Jovi album? Hell no. I hear it's really good. Bon Jovi sucks. I hear it doesn't sound like anything else he's put out in the last 15 years. Really? Is it just Bon Jovi? Here you come. So you want to know what I look like? Yeah, I do. Okay, about 5'4". 5'4". I got long blonde hair curly. Well, that comes with the name. I weigh about 130 and my chest size is a 36. 36. Are you happy with your large boobs? Okay, that sounds good. Where are you? Are you a natural blonde? Yes, I am. Ah, ho ho, ah, ah. Ah, ho ho. Uh, ah, ah. Natural blonde. That's to be considered here in this because you know it will be natural blonde hair. It's a little finer. Hold on, Chrissy. So it could affect the sound. Things are changing like crazy around here. Larry, what's up? Hey, man. What's up, guys? Hey. I just drove by Ramsey Outdoor Store on 17. There's like two miles of traffic getting up towards the store. When I pulled up right by the store, there was a cop with his lights on right by your guys over there. I'm sure he's being cool. Yeah. I don't know anything from our boys yet. Know what it's called then yet? No, not yet. Hopefully, everybody's safe and sound. But traffic is backed up out there? Yeah, about two miles getting up towards the store. So it looks like a pretty big crowd over there, too. Cool. Thank you, Larry. Thanks, guys. Wow stickers at Ramsey Outdoor, Route 17 North in Paramus. Gorilla Boy will be there for a little while longer. Let's get back to Chrissy playing What's in My Pants or What's in Her Pants. Now, Chrissy, where are you? I'm right here. No, I know. Where are you? I'm in my bedroom. All right. No, I'm at work. So how old are you? I'm 21. I'll be 22 in August. Ah, and you still live with mommy? Unfortunately, yes. And what are you wearing? Right now, I'm wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Well, get the clothes off. Let's go. You're going to get completely naked? Okay. Yeah, do that. We'll send some savages over to your house if you don't disrobe immediately. Yeah, look out. You want everything off? Digitally manipulate you. Yeah, just get completely naked. We'll be right back. Get naked. What does your bedspread look like? Hold on, I just had to give her Jeff real fast. Damn it. Gorilla Boy, she's getting ready. Gorilla Boy, fast. Hey, everything's cool here, man. All right. I promise police are big fans. They got the lights on, getting tickets for the station. That's it. That's right. That's what I thought. We're having a great time. Everybody's behaving. You got a nice crowd out there? Excellent crowd. We're running low on stickers, so you better get here quick. All right, Gorilla Boy. Thank you. Thanks, guys. All right, let's go back to Chrissy. She should be naked by now. Chrissy? Yes, I'm already. You're naked? Yes, I'm naked. You're laying on your bed? Yes. In your bedroom? Yes. What does it look like? Give us a little insight into what your bedroom looks like. It's, I don't know, it's like a twin bed. All posters all over the place. Posters of? TV, computer. What posters? I have a big huge cloth kind of thing. It's like a tie-dye big huge thing. I have one's of a tornado. I have a lot of pictures of my friends and stuff. Not any body? Yeah, dude, it's like total girls. It's like a real girl, but I'm sorry. No, that's good. That's great. I'm sorry. What does your bedspread look like? Actually, it's all Tigger and Winnie the Pooh. Oh, really? Actually, it's all Tigger and Winnie the Pooh. Oh, yeah. It's like Jackpot, Tigger and Winnie the Pooh. I knew you guys were going to make fun of me now, right? She's laying on her Tigger and Winnie the Pooh. And who got you that? What? Who got you that? I got it, actually. I love Tigger. Oh, damn. I thought mommy got it for you. No. You got any bed posters up in your room? No, I don't have any bed posters. Band, band, band, no? Okay. And when I ask you about your bedspread, I just want to know how wide. Oh, it's only like a single. Come on. It's almost like the white shorts joke yesterday. She's getting it out there. I got that one now, of course. Wow, that sounds good. That sounds great. And you're completely naked, huh? Any toys and stuffed animals? I have a couple stuffed animals, like Tigger and Sylvester and Eeyore and stuff. You want to play Find the Honey? Find the Honey. Only if you search for it. Tigger, look, a vagina. A vagina. That's great. Let me stick my head in and see if I can find some honey. All right. I think we're ready for the theme song. Here we go. Yeah. You are gay. All right, Chrissy, you know how to play, right? I think so. Well, you just take the phone and you go up and down on your area there. Yeah, you take it slowly up and down on your most intimate areas so we can hear. All right. Are you ready? Yes. All right. Very telling. Sounds like she's scratching. It's like Run DMC. All right. Now go side to side. Okay. Hang on. Slowly. Second. Yes. Yes. Very telling. Now a slow circular motion. Okay. To the right or to the left? Very good question. We've never been asked that. It doesn't f-ing matter. Okay. Yes. Yes. Okay. All right. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. 21. Do you got carpet in there? In your room? And it's not a joke. Is it bare wood floor on your, uh... No, it's a carpet. Yeah. What do you think? You have to guess now, don't you? Yeah. You don't tell us until you guess. Do you have a bedpost? No, I don't have a bedpost. No bed for 10. I'm sorry. I'd be swinging on it, yes. Good question. Have you got any, uh, have you seen that, uh, M peg yet of the, the bedpost? The girl in the bedpost? Do you have any adult toys in that bedroom? No, unfortunately. Okay, I'm ready for my decision then. Very telling, Anthony. Yeah, it was. I have a consensus on instant feedback too. It's almost like who wants to be a millionaire? I could go to the audience and see what they've chosen and from instant feedback, I'm getting a lot of this answer. You're going to go use the audience lifeline? I think I'm going to use the audience lifeline on this one. Don't give the answer until everyone has Chrissy. I am going to say Wood Floor, Opie. I'm going to go with the audience on this one. Okay, I want to do Phone a Friend. You're going to Phone a Friend? Well, yeah. Any listeners on hold that want to tell me? All right, we'll have them call up and Opie is going to use his Phone a Friend lifeline. Phone a Friend. Or maybe should I go for the 50-50? Maybe I should go for the 50-50. That would be pretty where they eliminate two of the choices. That sounds like cheating. Leaving only two. All right, Chrissy, one should just go up and down as I get a Phone a Friend on the line here. Go up and down with the phone again. All righty. Okay, go ahead. Okay. Yeah, see, with the stupid delay, I've got to wait now for people to hear what I said. Okay, I'm going to go with my Phone a Friend. Hold on. Phone a Friend. Hold on. Got to go to four. Oh, wait, I'll go here. This one, actually. Who's this? Tom. Hi, Tom. You're my Phone a Friend today. What do you think is in Chrissy's pants? I'm going with Hitler Mustache, man. Hitler Mustache. Hitler Mustache. Opie, you can accept his help. Yeah, Hitler Mustache or go on your own. I'm going to accept the Hitler Mustache. I'm going to accept that. Thank you. Okay. Let's go back to Chrissy. Let me go back to Chrissy. All right, so Anne, what did you just say? I said I went with the audience lifeline here using the instant feedback and said wood floor. And Opie went Phone a Friend. Hitler Mustache, he is accepting that one. Chrissy, what is in your pants? It's a wood floor. Yeah, wood floor. Wow. That's nice. Have you picked up any of that Mujan to help the wood floor? A Mujan? No, I haven't. I hear that Mujan works well. Anthony told me so. Mujan. Well, Chrissy, congratulations. Can I get some wrestling tickets? Do we have wrestling tickets? We have videos and stuff like DVDs. You don't have any tickets to wrestling, SmackDown or anything? No. Oh, man. Want to go see ACDC? Yeah, that'd be good. Yeah? Yeah, I love ACDC. All right, let me give the slug line for ACDC. You want a pair of tickets to see ACDC August 25th at the Garden. Tickets go on sale Saturday at 9 a.m. through Ticketmaster for Continental Arena August 24th and for the Garden Show on August 25th. All right? All right, thank you. Why has Tigger's head disappeared? Chrissy, hold on the line to get your tickets and thanks for playing What's in My Pants. All right? Okay. All right, there she goes. It's time to play. It's time to play. It's time to play. Hey, guess what's in my pants. It's time to play. It's time to play. It's time to play. Hey, guess what's in my pants. I love that game. Yeah. That game never gets old. That is a fun little game. Wonderful. Pete, what's going on? Barry, what's up? How are you, Pete? I want to see that show tomorrow. You want to look at the donate money? You want to see the 55-Yallon Drum Challenge? How much are you willing to donate? $1,000. $1,000? $1,000. At this point, it's first come, first served, so if you could come down here with the cash, anytime... What time do I have to be down there? Anytime. The sooner the better. Are you in the area now? Yeah, I work at... No, not right now. I work at 8, 10, 7th Avenue, right near you guys. Oh, really? Yeah. You should actually come by even earlier. Okay. Rick will be here at like 10 in the morning tomorrow. Okay. I'm dead serious. Hold on the line, okay? You got it. We can even talk to him. All right, we got to take a break, Anthony. Yes. That was a lot of fun. Indeed. That's a fun game, isn't it? Yeah, it really is. Oh, yeah, okay, all the jokes. I see them. All the phone calls. I figured you took enough abuse yesterday. I left you alone. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We remember you. I wonder when I got myself in She really in. We need girls that are gonna fit in the drums. She didn't tell me she was too caught. That's a thank you. We make it work. Someone goes to Home Depotes and gets a huge frigging I've seen them in there. They sell big things for storage. You can go down to one of the S&M shops and get a cage. No we don't want cages. We need drums. We'll get that fat ass in something. Well we'll get something in that fat ass. Come on. Smug daddy. Yes. Alright. You'll find something. Well Rick's going to talk to you. I'm starting to worry about this whole damn challenge. I've got to be honest. Hold on. Alright? Okay. We're trying to get the details worked out. I'm getting nervous. Getting a little nervous here. I wouldn't worry. We'll shove them in there. Alright. George from Jersey, when you put the girls in the drum make sure that you don't cut their heads off or that will affect their breathing. Yeah that's true. Thank you. Getting tips from all our listeners today. One guy actually suggested that we don't keep the lid on too long because the girls will suffocate Anthony. Yeah. Thank you for that. Eddie from Fort Lee, please stop instant feedbacking. Okay? We got your message you tool. The guy instant feedbacked 50 times. I think Chris used my girlfriend. Okay. Alright. Thank you. We said it on the air. There you go. Don't become enemy of the show. You'll get a lot of email. There you go. Now we're going to redo that program so you can't send your message a thousand times. I wonder what's taking so long on that. Alright. We've got to take a break. Yeah. Chuck is saying you can fit 450 pounds into a 55 gallon drum. Of liquid. Probably, right? Hey Chuck, what's up? Hey, what's up man? How are you? Good. I work with those drums all the time. The job I have requires it. So if you put 450 pounds of liquid in, I figure you could jam her fat butt into that. Liquid. Alright. Well thanks for that Chuck. Alright. I'll be amazed if this works tomorrow. It'll work. We seem to pull it off every week though. It'll work. Alright, Anthony, this was just handed to me. I guess the Hooters girls are signing calendars downstairs. Oh yeah? 56 and Broadway. Hooters. Psycho Marks is going to be down there, Gorilla Boy is going to be down there. Hooters girls will be signing calendars and we'll be giving out wow stickers right downstairs from where we're broadcasting. Nice. Alright, starting at 6 o'clock. I'm going to be giving out wows to all of you who have signed up for this. There's a bunch of people out there. stairs from where we're broadcasting. Nice! Alright, starting at 6 o'clock. 56 and Broadway. We'll be back. Hello New Yorkers. What is it that makes Opie and Anthony so fresh? Is it the fact that they're not afraid to ask difficult questions? Are you masturbating? Is it their excellent rapport with adoring fans? You people are very cruel. You'll keep listening. We'll keep pissing you off. There's nothing you can do about it. Or is it just that they're masters of self-promotion? Every day you got to tune us in to see what stupid thing we're saying next. Opie and Anthony. Heard afternoons on this fine station. N-E-W. Anthony, Bud Light. I love Bud Light. What are you drinking? What are you drinking out there? I'm drinking Bud Light. I like drinking light beer. I must say I always ask for Bud Light. If we go back in the office after the show, crack open a few icy cold Bud Lights. It's great. It's a great taste of beer. It tastes like, you don't even know it's a light beer to tell you the truth. I don't like when people hand me a light beer because they never taste as good. But if it's Bud Light, fine by me. We are proud Bud drinkers. Make it a Bud Light summer. What the hell else can I tell you? You like drinking beer? Grab a Bud Light for God's sake. Drink it while you're watching the Yankees or Mets. Drink it when you're hanging at the beach or on the boat. Drink it while you're wowing or being wowed. We're trying to work our way through the Bud Light read. We really do love Bud Light but we still haven't found a unique way to talk about Bud Light for a minute. Are you thirsty? Do you want a beer? Bud Light. It's easy. What do they have written? Bud Light salutes all the Opie and Anthony listeners. They sure do, Anthony. Not watered down like other beers. We are proud Bud Light drinkers. No lime needed with a Bud Light. Have one today. Bud Light, the life of the party. Bud Light, make it a Bud Light all summer. Bud Light. Thank you. You forgot to say drink Bud Light when you're watching the Yankees. Drink Bud Light when you're watching the Yankees or the Mets. It's Bud Light, Anthony. I love that little promo there. 212-757-1027. The lovely Britney. It's the only show. You had a Britney story there, Anthony. Yes. Yes, Opie. A wacky radio station promotion ends in death. What? How long is that going to take? For that to happen here. Don't even say that. I'm knocking wood. The air holes tomorrow are going to be nice and big for the ladies. Yes, big air holes. A radio station's attempt to generate excitement by faking an appearance by Britney Spears ended when a woman in the crowd at the station collapsed. She died later at the hospital. What? Nothing more degrading than collapsing at a radio station appearance. First of all, who's going to believe that Britney Spears would travel to Enwell, New York, which is outside Binghamton. So what they probably had was like, I'm speculating here, they probably had some kind of satellite interview, a taped interview, the generic interviews with Britney Spears. See what happens in a lot of radio stations? They have interviews with celebrities. It sounds like they're in the studio, but beforehand the radio personality goes in and copies the questions in his own voice and then just cuts it all together. It's like, so Britney, how's the tour going? And all of a sudden Britney will be, oh, it's going great. We've had a great time, blah, blah, blah. Meanwhile, somebody else asked her that question. So you're giving away another secret of radio. So probably a lot of people called and were very excited that Britney was there. And the goofy radio guys went, hey, since there's people outside waiting for Britney, let's give them, let's give them Britney. We got a blonde hose bag here at the studio. Let's just dress her up in some clothes and send her out like Britney's words. Well, they do this. Well, can I tell you what they really do? What? It's even stupider. Is it even stupider? Yeah, cause stations do this all over the country. They'll say like, uh, in sync or the backstreet boys or Ricky Martin or Britney Spears. Britney Spears. We'll be at our station or they'll be in an appearance. Okay. Yeah. What they do is they get like a limo. So you never actually see the person, Anthony. Ah, and then all of a sudden the town starts going crazy. The whole town starts going crazy because they're calling the radio station saying, Oh my God, I just saw Britney Spears is limo. Yeah. And attending towards the station. And then they're like, yeah, well, she'll be heard for blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Then the limo pulls up and there's thousands of people. Everyone's freaking out. And then, uh, then, you know, they, they throw the old April fools or whatever the hell they want to do with that promotion. Well, they actually had an imposter in this one. Yeah. In this one, they had a Britney Spears imposter. Let's say, uh, an interview with the Spears on Tuesday night, uh, at the station, WMRVFM in Will, New York. And then a woman pretending to be Spears emerged from the station to get into our limousine. Oh, yeah. They have the limo in front. They went a step further. They, they found someone that looks kind of like her then about a hundred people had gathered to greet her. That's it. A hundred. That's it. Uh, in the crowd. Well, that's a great radio station. Like bring it. We have a hundred people show up to look at Spats and they hate them. They get a hundred people outside in five minutes. Yeah. Unbelievable. A hundred people. That's great. All right. Sorry. So in this crowd of a hundred people was a 37 year old woman. Oh, sir. It's called thinning the herd. People, if you get a 37 year old woman showing up all excited to see Britney Spears, uh, that's a little sad. Well, she went into cardiac arrest when Britney emerged. She was so excited and the clamor of the hundred fans is that it's not hundreds of fans. So would you say the hundred fans or would you say the tens of fans? Uh, either way, it's tens of, okay. The tens of fans that were there to greet her. A hundred people. Wow. She, uh, yeah, she went into cardiac arrest. She was taken to a hospital, one of the fine facilities up in Enwell, New York, I'm sure where, uh, she later, uh, unfortunately, Opie died. Oh, sorry. It's, uh, it's kind of a sad story. Yeah. I think, you know, she, uh, she was there to see Britney Spears, her probably favorite singer ever, 37 year old woman. And, uh, she, uh, she died. Come on now. That's not right. That's not right. That's not right. No, not at all, man. All right. Then And then the goofy station manager comes out and says, We're just trying to focus on the woman. We're trying to figure out what happened here. Declining to comment further. Nothing sadder when the goofy radio scum has to comment on what happened. There goes his career anthony. That's it, goodbye. He's already an end well. How much worse could it get? God damn. At least we were involved when we got fired. But it was the same type of thing, trying to explain what happened. It was a goofy radio thing. Gone awry. It was going to be a great idea. Minutes earlier they're probably all laughing. Hey everyone, thanks. It's Britney Spears. We pulled this off. Fantastic. Hey, get the provost guy out there and take some pictures of the crowd. And Britney running. I want video. I want someone's dead. I'll write a comment. Our concerns are only with the women. I've got to get to Kinkos with my resume. Hopefully I can get it to Omaha, Nebraska. Laurie, what's up? I used to work at this station. Really? I went to Binghamton and I did an internship in their promotions department. Then I went to doing on air shifts with them. I left to come back down to New York to leave radio altogether. I knew as soon as she started saying, I'm up in New York, I knew it was this station, their promotions department went down the crapper. We need to call them and just openly laugh at them. Who would be really harsh? Yeah, let's do something. No, that would be wrong. I went through a whole overhaul. They lost their programming director, their music director for the station wound up leaving. Our listeners are bored right now. The listeners of the radio station, give them a call and just start laughing. That's so. They have a web page. Is Brittany there? You guys are so wrong. Play the ambulance sound behind your phone call. Alright, Laurie. Alright, well just learn from their lessons, guys. Alright, cool. Later. Syndication. Sorry, we don't do the syndication thing anymore. That's good. Bill, what's going on? Hey guys, what's up? Hey Bill. My buddy and I are at a college radio station in Connecticut and we pulled a similar stunt with a John Popper tape and we actually caught the ride outside the station and got kicked out. Oh, that they thought John Popper was here live in the studio. That's right, that's right. And we pulled a similar thing and said we were giving away tickets. You did that on Long Island, right? No, I was in Quinnipiac College in Connecticut. Okay, I think I remember reading about that. And they fired you over that? Yeah, they booted us off the air. Wow. Because 200 people showed up and we were looking for John Popper and we just went up to, Chumps came out of the studio and they were kind of pissed off. They fired you over that? Yeah. Not like they killed anyone like that, Brittany. Wow, it's only John Popper, what can you say? Alright, Bill, thank you. Alright, thanks. I guess they have a website, Anthony. Can you email them though? Yeah, I think so. WMRV.com, Anthony. Openly mock them for their stupid promotion. That's a great promotion. Who was doing it? It was at night so it was probably, uh... Hey, guys, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's going on? How are you? Hey, I'm from upstate, I'm from Binghamton. And I used to listen to that station, I know their number if you want it. What's the policy of giving another radio station's number out on the air? I don't know. What if we don't put them on the air? Yeah, I could give it to you off the air. Okay, well I guess people could look it up for themselves. It's MRV in Enwell, New York, right? I actually think the station's in Binghamton, I think the lady was from Enwell. Oh, okay, Binghamton. WMRV in Binghamton, New York. Alright, thank you, Gabe. Word up. Bye. Tuesday night, so I'm guessing it's JJ. JJ, yeah, JJ. It's like, look at Arnie and... Looks like JJ's going to be finding another radio job. Yeah, look at the Amy and Mike morning team. God, that's where we could get our next morning show from. Star 105.7, today's best music. Jesus. What? Oh, JJ, oh my God. What, let's take a look at JJ. It's like a mug shot. Really? Who's this? Did he get JJ up? Arnie and Mike, oh Amy and Mike. That's what I'm saying, the morning show. Amy and Mike, the morning team. Star 105.7, today's best music. Amy and Mike. Look, they just propped him against the walls and snapped pictures of him. Hold on, hold on. Amy looks like she's smelling a bad fart. Oh my God, is this real, what this guy does? Wait. Oh, there he is. Look at him. Alright, wait. They call me JJ and I'm your seven to midnight jock. I'm 19, single, music loving, consul-less love mutant. Right. I'm going to run the parkway. Find me midnight. Till 3 a.m. at my usual haunt Denny's over on the parkway. You can find him when he's not DJing from midnight to 3 out of Denny's, Anthony. Alright. Over on the parkway. I like staring at beautiful, fully clothed photos of Alicia Silverstone. Wash my car and go downtown to attempt talking to all the girlies. This guy sounds like a retard. He looks like a retard. My long term goals include moving to a huge radio market, New York City or L.A., get MTV to accept my tape for the real world and put Kasey Kasem out of a job. He's a ponderous. Well, you can call him and request a song through the MRV.com website. Yeah. JJ. JJ's got, his bio sounds like he's got Down syndrome. I like to hang out at the Denny's and look at girlies. I want to go to New York. They got their New York. That's a great little website they got there. And then Amy and Mike, did you see that picture? Yeah. Amy looks like she's smelling one of Mike's bad farts in the picture. Look at her face. Like, she's all like, oh. Oh. How you doing, Amy? How we doing this great, great Thursday morning, Amy? It's Mike here. Sorry, Amy. Alright, look. Oh, that's going to leave a mark here on the Star 105-7 seats that we're sitting in here, Amy. Amy, come here. I have to whisper something in your ear. Come here, Amy. Come here. Come on. Oh, that's waxing goof-er-ific, eh, boy? Amy and Mike. That's pretty good. Poor mother effort stuck in that Indwell, New York. In that hellhole. That's good. Well. And they're killing their listeners. And they're killing their listeners. Our listenership dropped by 10% when that woman died. Do you realize that? Star 105-7, Britna. We got Britna Spare's life. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, quick, get one of our listeners here. We're going to get the calls on the Joe. Does anyone have any banner tape that we can run around the fire engine and the ambulance as they load our dead listener in? Because this is going to make the news that we want some exposure for Star 105-7, today's best music. Lots of stickers on her lifeless corpse and on the back of the ambulance as it drives away. There it goes. Jason, get that sticker on the back. There you go, promotion scum. Everyone's checking out their website. We're giving them some hits today. Why not? Yeah, they're going to wonder what the hell happened. Oh, boy. Now, this is what I call 5 o'clock flotties on that radio station. Kill the listeners. Yeah. God damn. That's good. Hey, Rob, what's up? The show's really starting to drag a little bit, so I think you guys should push the envelope like you usually do and stop being women and call the radio station yourselves right now. We could do that. We could. I mean, we have to ask permission for them to be on the air, though. Well, sure. No, we'll call them. Screw it. You want to get a clear one? Yeah, we'll call them. All right. Good to see you guys aren't being a bunch of queers. All right, thanks. All right, let's see. No, we could call them. Someone's got to give us the... Now everyone else is going to call, though. We've got to get through it, though. Yeah, don't call. We've got to get info. Yeah, we'll get some info on what exactly happened. Let's take a break, Anthony, and we'll get them on the line, hopefully. Yeah. And hopefully they'll talk to us. We'll be a legitimate news organization. We'll get into the bottom of the story. Yeah, sure thing. All right, hold on. O.B. and Anthony. Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027 WNEW. Hey, Anthony, the sharper image again. We're talking about the Razor Rollerboard Scooters. Yes. Hottest new product this summer. Gleaming stainless steel and aluminum inline scooter. It's lightweight, easy to maneuver, foldable for compact storage. It's state of the art. It's really, really cool. We use them all over the station these days. They have adjustable locking steering arm, sleek looking, so much fun to ride, perfect for kids, teens, college students, even commuters. We've seen a lot of people on the streets of Manhattan with these damn things. You know what I like about them? If you want to scooter through the park on them, it doubles as a weapon. If you see your girlfriend being diddled by a crowd of animals, savages, it's not like rollerblades. You could take this thing and kill someone with it. Hit them over the head with it. Oh my God, you'll see that sleek aluminum crack his skull open. All right, great. They're available only from the sharper image. Visit one of their stores. Or if you want to take a look at what it looks like, go to sharperimage.com or give them a call 1-800-344-4444. We've been giving a lot of these away, so keep listening for your chance to win one of them. You could also win by visiting any New York area sharper image store and filling out an entry blank. Each store will give away five Razors on Sunday, June 25th. No purchase necessary. Winner need not be present. It's the Razor Roll-A-Board Scooter. Powered by OBE and Enveny. Owned by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027 WNEW, New New York. 2127571027. Psycho Mark has left the building. Psycho Mark has left the building. Uh-oh, where's he headed? He's just going down to Hooters. Oh, okay. Nothing too major today. I heard he was getting in all sorts of trouble last night. Yeah, that's what I heard. We had nothing to do with it. Nope. We had nothing to do with it. Thank you. That's the truth. That's the truth. Psycho Mark and Hooters with the Hooters Girls, they're signing their calendars, Anthony. Yeah. And we're also giving out wow stickers. Psycho Mark's there right now. 56 and Broadway, if you're in the area, stop by. You'll get your brand new wow sticker, okay? We'll say hi. Ben, what's going on with that station in Binghamton? Any luck? Rings and rings and rings, the request line. Nah. They're not picking up the request line. No. Why not? I don't know. Must be in the middle of like a 92-minute rock block. I want to request a Britney song. That would be very cool. Come on. Maybe our listeners have gotten to them already. Chris, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? Great, how are you? First off, I'm calling you from a town you made infamous, Bayshore. Bayshore, Long Island. And I have a strange feeling I'm going to turn on Fox next Friday and see when radio promotions go bad. Yeah, that would be a good one. We could be part of that show. We have all the wacky radio stunts that went awry and resulted in people getting fired or killed. Not a bad idea. Thanks a lot, guys. You suck. Thank you. Thank you. Bring them back to you suck. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh. Come on. Who put that in there? I thought maybe you'd want to hear this. What? It's a little prelude. There you go, Alfie. Yeah. We all remember this. That's the one. A little power ballad. That's done by Skid Row. Sebastian Bach. Why, why, why? I thought maybe you'd want to hear it. I have no idea what you're getting at. You don't want to hear Sebastian Bach singing as a little warm up? I have no idea what you're talking about. Hey, Ed. What are you doing? No, no, nothing. Hey, Ed. What? The WWF's Raw's War is returning to Madison Square Garden August 7th, 2017. Yeah, that's nice. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there. Hey, Ed. What are you doing? No, no, nothing. Hey, Ed. What? The WWF's Raw's War is returning to Madison Square Garden August 7th, 2017. Yeah, that's nice. Certainly is. And we teamed up with the New York Daily News for your chance to not only win tickets but qualify for the grand prize, Anthony. Yeah, there it is. The grand prize is four ringside seats and lunch at the WWF restaurant in Times Square with Rikishi. I hope that's not tonight. You won't be able to attend. Anthony, for your chance to win, check out the details and fill out the entry form in the Sundays and this Sunday's New York Daily News. Then listen to us Monday, July 10th as we announce the grand prize winner right here on 1027WNW. Yeah, because you're psyched. You say you're psyched? Psycho Mark, what's going on? I have no idea what you're talking about. There was a break downstairs at the restaurant. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. What's going on? I have no idea what you're talking about. There was a break downstairs at the Hooters in the corner here at 56th Street and Broadway. Having a great time. They've got the Hooters girls here signing calendars until 7 o'clock. I'm reading instant feedback. Wait, what? Psycho Mark? They catch right off. I don't know what you guys are talking about. Psycho Mark? Yeah, down here at Hooters, come on by. They've got the Hooters calendars on sale and the Hooters girls are here signing them. Yeah. We've got your wild sticker right here. We'll be down here close to 7. What are you guys laughing at? Nothing. Nothing at all. I'm playing some music for Opie. Some Sebastian Bach. The Skid Row, of course. I just thought maybe Opie might want to hear it. See, a little Jack-o-lan-hide. Ah, maybe that's it. Hey, Psycho Mark, what happened? Hello? Hello? Hello? Oh, hello? What are you doing tonight? What are you doing tonight, man? What's up, Ben? I have an update about the radio station that just got through. I said it's Opie and Anthony from WIU. No way, man. I'm not going on there. I'm taking enough abuse. What a fag. Look, those guys want to be on New York Radio. They want to be on the number one market. You want to be on New York Radio? Call them back. Tell them we'll be really cool. We should call them and off the air, you know, just kind of ask them. Just get them on the line. They're going to talk you off the air. Off the air. Right. Anyway. Well, what are you going to be doing this evening, Opie? Psycho Mark. Hey, Opie, you're involved tonight, huh? What? Opie's got plans this evening. Yeah, there it is. Shut up. I have no idea what you guys are talking about. This is the moment, my final day. Psycho Mark, what's up? I'm down here at Hooters. You want to come down, get down by 7 o'clock. They've got five-pounder calendars. And they've got the Hooters girls. They're actually incredible. They're incredible? They're insane. 56 and Broadway, get your WOW stickers, right? Yep, they'll be right here. And you get your calendars, too. The calendars, five bucks. So where are you going tonight, Opie? I don't know why you keep hanging up on Psycho Mark when he asks you what you're doing tonight. So, what am I doing? Going to catch a little show? What? What? Going to catch a little show tonight? What? What? What? What are you doing? What? Going where? I heard going what? What? I am going out. Check it out. It's just a little hard to hear you. What are you doing? I'm going to Jekyll and Hyde. Yes, Jekyll and Hyde. And of course, you know who's starring in that now? As Dr. Jekyll and the evil Mr. Hyde, Opie. Sebastian Bach. You remember Sebastian Skid Row. Let's have a little. Regis Philbin checking in, Anthony, from ABC Studios. Hiya. Ding, ding, ding. Sounds like it's Opie's turn to be in the hot seat. Opie, where are you? We're waiting. Oh, come on, man. Jekyll and Hyde. Are you disappointed that Jack Wagner isn't still Jekyll and Hyde? No, man. I don't think you'll be here on this one tonight. You are gay. You are gay. Hey, I'm gay. Shut up! Shut up! Pussah! Pussah! All right. Come on, man. You're going to make Sandy upset. She's outside the studio. She looks lovely tonight. Going to a little Broadway show. I thought Privilege liked us. Why would it happen? Remember my little birthday show or whatever? Yeah. We saw all that hot gash and stuff. Sure. And then at the end of the festivities, they handed me an envelope with tickets inside. And I'm thinking, wow. It could be tickets for a great rock show or something. Something, sure. Tickets for Jekyll and Hyde. Jekyll and Hyde. Starring Sebastian Bach. Thank you, Privilege. This is the moment. I made the biggest mistake, though, because I just brought him home. Yeah. Showed sand. Like, oh, here, look what the girls from Privilege gave me here. And I gave them to her. And I just flat out assumed that, you know, she'd find a girlfriend or someone in her family and go. Right. Right. Find out early this week that, oh, no, she's been planning all along to go with moi. Oh, no. Well, I'm getting some abuse anyway. Shut up, Aunt You-Fag. You saw no doubt. No doubt, no doubt, no doubt, no doubt. I was looking forward to seeing Jack Wagner, too, Anthony. Oh, even I wouldn't go see that man. And that's from Sebastian Bach. Charlie, what's up? I saw him last night. Then? He was awesome. Well, you're a chick. No, my boyfriend took me as a surprise. Yeah. And he liked it. And he hates musicals and Broadway shows. And he liked it because Sebastian rocked. Oh, yeah? Yeah. And there was a ton of Sebastian fans there. Oh, see? No, guys. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, no, no, no. Are the girls squeezing into their spandex for the check? Ike, come on. I swear to God, I do not want to go. Dude, you're going to see a bunch of 80s metal fans. Oh, my God. Like, you didn't like Skid Row anyway. Oh, come on. Come on. I saw Skid Row back in 87, 88. I dug the show. I've fessed up to a lot of bands on this show, but Skid Row is one I really never really got into. Why? Why? Because they were going to Skid Row. Well, Sebastian's awesome, though, and he has a great voice. You might not like musicals and stuff like that, but you've got to give him credit. I mean, he's awesome. Bob, you've got to give him a lot of credit, though. He's got an stage, looking like a toothpick, playing that jingling eye. What's going to happen when he hits the stage for the first time? Is everyone going to scream? Is he going to hear girls scream? No, no. Because a lot of the crowd was, like, scared of Gorsalso, and they thought he was awesome also. Did you hear girls go, like, woo, when he came out on stage, though? No. But the screaming, you know, and the clapping parts. After he sang, everyone was screaming. Thank you, Charlie. Good luck there, Opie. You need a full report tomorrow on the crowd, the audience. Just take it. Take the hit. Go there, but do a full report. Really be observant to the crowd. Steve, what's up? Steve, Steve. Opie. Yeah. Opie. Yeah. Yeah, you know what? I'm really disappointed in you. You're really like a hump. You'd be like going to a strip club tonight. You don't want to see that? I'm sure you don't queef too loud tonight and disrupt the whole thing. All right? I can't handle it. Queef too loud? You know it's just begun, too. Come on, guys. You understand, right? Right? Like you've never been dragged to something you didn't want to do, right? You've all been there, right? You guys understand, right? Have fun jett-o-ling-hive. Yeah. Yeah. You won't be hearing this tonight, but you'll be hearing the inimitable voice of Sebastian Bach. Let's get rockin'. Yeah. Remember this? Yeah. Opie was a young boy. Opie was a young boy. He's not too bad. He's not too bad. He's not too bad. He's not too bad. Opie, you sure got a pretty mouth, Sebastian Bach. Dan from Pinebrook, Opie, don't forget your comb for your back pocket. Frank from Manhattan, Opie, say it ain't so. What will the rest of the Kiss Army say when they find out that you're now into one of those new-fangled 80s glam bands? Opie, just settle out. Milo Yambag from the Whiskey Go-Go, hey, Op, dust off that suede jacket with the leather tassels hanging off. Opie, I'll be seeing Kaja Gugu in Les Mis. Tee from Brooklyn, have fun to play, you queer. I thought you guys would understand. Tom from Woodhaven, Queens, aw, how precious. Little Greggy going to see some 80s trash. Yeah. You and Rick are going to go in the yellow Game-O-Beal. Vinnie from New York, all of a sudden Op can't take a little abuse. I guess Ann is still the tough guy of the show. And I got tickets to Wang Chung and Miss Saigon. You want to see that one? Mrs. Ants Revenge for the No Doubt Day, Bring Your Lighter for the Encore. I thought you guys would understand. Then Opie wear white shorts, shut up. Just tell them you couldn't get tickets for Cats, you pussy. Rick will be interested in Lover Boy in Phantom of the Opera. All right, I'll get you back in, fine. What? We'll go one for one here. What did I do? Does Anthony's girlfriend even know who Skid Row is? That old gag. You are gay. Shut up, Homer. Okay, stupid. Frank, what's up? What's up? Hey. Hey, I've seen Jacqueline Hyde. She'll give you some advice. You're going to fall asleep. Really? Yeah. Boring. I've seen it about a month ago. Yeah? I was dozing off. You got to see Jack Wagner. Yeah. Jack Wagner. All I need is just a little more time to be sure. And my girlfriend elbowed me in the shoulder a million times to wake up. Oh, man. You're in for a treat. All right, Frank, thank you. All right. Bye. Nothing's funnier than watching the chinks fall asleep in Cats. Hey, Chris, what's up? What's up, Opie? How you doing? I'm doing all right. All right, listen, I want to stick up for you, man. My girlfriend dragged me to Rosemary Clooney at Westbury. Rosemary Clooney? What were you dating? Someone's grandma? No, she's actually younger than me. And she's into Rosemary Clooney? Yeah. And what happened? Ponderous. That's imponderous. What happened? Man, that must have been some crowd. Yeah, it was kind of bad. Colostomy bags built all over the place. We were the youngest there, pretty much. Colostomy bags. It was pretty bad. So I just wanted to stick up for you, Opie. Go see whoever you want. And nothing bad is no doubt, though. All right, man. All right, man. Thank you. To tell you the truth, I think that might be worse than that. Yeah, I can't really argue that, man. Bob from Jersey. Opie, are you the youth gone wild? Yeah! Yeah! Hey, James, what's up? Oh, have you gone fag? I swear to God, I mean, you're into rock music. You've gone fag. And you're into wrestling. But now you're going to Broadway? I have a clip here from Jacqueline Hyde. Do you want to hear it? Yeah, go ahead. Digga digga digga digga digga digga digga digga digga digga digga digga digga. I'm over here now. Wow. Sebastian changing his style. Tickets to a rock concert, $150. Dinner near the theater, 120. Room at the St. Regis, $700. Opie, see you in Jacqueline Hyde with Sandy. Precious. What's up with Wendy Bizzie? Did I pay for these tickets? No, you're not paying for these tickets. I want to make sure. The fine people at Privilege who obviously hate me. That's nice. My tampon checking in, I'm slightly askew today, please fix me. This pressure's going to rip off any of Bach's clothing on stage. Mark, what's going on? Hey, what's up? How are you? I'm just calling to remind you, don't forget to send a VCR to take Charm tonight. Yeah, Charm to God. Yeah, so this is how it is, huh? Been a while. Yeah. Hey, Bob, what's up? Hey, Owen, what's going on? Oh, these guys are all over you, man. Yeah, I know. The wife dragged me to a few plays, but you got to do what you got to do, you know what I'm saying? I'm going to have a wonderful time tonight. Sure. And let me know if Sebastian cut his hair. Oh, why, are you very concerned about that, sir? I saw him at the Kiss concert. Well, he wasn't singing, but somebody gave Stanley a bunch of roses with a wow sticker on it. Oh, really? Over at Jones Beach. Hey, didn't we see him at the Kiss concert in Boston? Yes, we did. What's up with that? God only knows. He was in the audience for that, yeah. I guess he's a big Kiss fan or something. Wow, the gooch checking in. I'm wondering if you're going to be trying to grab Sebastian's man-junk from the show. From the stage. Thank you, Bob. Where are your seats? Are they closed? I don't know. Sam's out there. Do you want to talk? Bring Sam in. Ray from Jersey. Cough, cough, homo, cough, cough. Yes. You are gay. Adam. What's up, guys? Are you going to be singing a show to us tomorrow, Opie? Shut up, man. Fag. Anthony, how come you go so easy on Opie when he's in the hot seat? This is easy? Oh yeah, he reams you when you're in the hot seat. I am nothing but a pal to Anthony when he gets into these uncomfortable situations. Am I backing off? I think so. What should I do? Don't listen to him. I know I support you. You support me. I don't know, but you usually think of good stuff. All right. Get him. Thank you. Later. You want to get Sam in here real fast, man. I could play a little more Skid Row, I guess. Which one do you want to play? What? I don't know. What? Orchestra seats. Oh, nice. Good seats. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I don't know. More of orchestra seats. Oh, nice. Good seats. Get her in here. This should be uncomfortable. I'm going to hear a little Skid Row. Sonny, what are you doing? Hey, hey. Can we see your stuff? Can we see your stuff? He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. Stop. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Can we see your stuff? Can we see your stuff? Hey, hey, hey. Can we see your stuff? Hey, hey. Georgia. Georgia. Can we see your stuff? Hey. Music or losing? Can we see your stuff? Can we see your stuff? Hey! Music or losing? Can we see your stuff? That's my stuff. So Sandy, you have tickets, huh? Are you excited? Yes. Very excited? No, it should be fun though. You like Sebastian? No. Oh my God, you're downplaying it. I wanted to go, but I'm not at Sebastian Bachman. Would you have rather seen Jack Wagner? Yes. Really? Just because I felt him. Melrose, he was on Melrose, wasn't he? Yes. Dr. Peter Burns, right? And General Hospital for a while? No, I didn't watch General Hospital. Did you bring in my theater clothes? Yes, I did. What are you wearing? Nice clothes. Are you going to dress like Sebastian? No. No? In skin robes? Can we see your stuff? Nice black pants, black shoes and a nice little button down shirt. All right. You look cute. Shut up. It's torture. It looks cute. Yeah, sure. You look cute. Do I get a homer on the way home tonight? On the way home? No, but maybe home. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Maybe after this? You're acting like it's such a big deal. You know this isn't a bit. I love the zipper. It'll be fun. You know we'll have fun. Yeah, a rocking time. No, I'm not wearing my acid washed jeans tonight. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Hey, didn't Skid Row write a song about your girlfriend? She's only... That was Winger. That was Winger, yeah. All right. Have a good time. Don't forget your little opera binoculars and snuff box. My word. Who is Sebastian Bachman? I think you're being very unfair to Sandy. We have to sit through baseball games, football games, wrestling. You have to sit through one Broadway play. My girlfriend sits through all that stuff and loves it. Yeah, well, she sits through it because she loves you too. I mean, she loves to sit through it, but... No, she sits through it because she enjoys it. She enjoys every single minute of it. She likes hoops. She likes hoops more than I think. Okay. I have no argument, but still, you should sit through it just for her. Just for her, I mean. All right. And then she'll give you a hummer on the way home. We're still working on that. No, do it. Do it. All right. All right. Bye. Thank you. That's right. Let's go to Opie's Penis online too. Opie's Penis. All right. How are you doing? I'm over here now. Opie, you left me in the drawer at home. It dialed the phone and everything. What's that? It dialed the phone and everything. Yeah. How are you going to get a hummer on the way home without me? Can you get yourself in a FedEx box immediately and get to the city? I can try. I don't think I'm going to make it into the show though. All right. Thank you, Opie's Penis. No problem. Why is my brother calling in? Which one? Elma. Hey. Hey, Opie. I just sent a dozen roses to Sebastian Bach's dressing room. Your credit card didn't go through. You have to give me something else. How are you going to pay for that, Opie? My God. He's got to get the roses. I don't know what you want me to do. And there's the balloon that says, good luck, Sebastian. That too. The Mylar. Yeah, the Mylar balloon. That's funny. Thank you. I'll pay for it. You can pay me back. All right. There goes my Mylar. The creator of the Wow sticker, by the way. People giving you tips, make sure you yell, rock, real loud and give the rock sign with your hands to the stage. Do we have lighters for tonight? No. No lighters, huh? No. We could pick some up on the way. There you go. People also wondering if your denim jacket is going to have the Skid Row logo on the back. Hey. Is Opie going to wait by the actor's exit to get Sebastian to sign his play belt? Hey, John, what's going on? The cave belt. John. Yo. Shut up. John. Yeah. What up? My mother's going to go see Rent next week and she needs a date. And this is kind of a non-secular, but spaz. You scumbag, scumbag, scumbag. And this should be your slogan. Retort. All right. Thank you, bro. Later. All right. Can we move on now or what? Hey, Bob, what's up? Hey, you know, I mean, this is really funny stuff and I'm enjoying it, but we've all been there. We all have to do this stuff once in a while. I'm sure Anthony's done it more than once. You know, fuck it up. The bad part of it is why does she have to dress you, man? Can't you dress yourself? People picking up on that one. I don't understand it. Did she lay out your clothes in the morning too? No. No. You know that about yourself. Hey. You know that about dressing yourself? Hey. Why did you bring clothes for him? Well, because I don't know. Because you didn't want to wear his good clothes to work. I thought. And get all wrinkled. We can't get wrinkles out, can we? We can't get wrinkles out. We can't get wrinkles out. We can't get wrinkles out. We can't get wrinkles out. We can't get wrinkles out. We can't get wrinkles out, can we? Not for Sebastian. Holy cow. Get out of here, man. Jason, what's up? Jason. Yeah. What's up? Hey. Opie, Anthony, Sandy, how are you? Hey. Opie, hey. He's kind of gay. And Anthony just said the warning. He didn't give you a gig. Uh, Cindy, what? Cindy, bye. Yeah, now they all have their own sound effects at home. Everyone's got their sound effect machines at home now. The homes. The home game. The home. Opie and Anthony, the home game. All right, and I think we've got to take a break. Oh, really? Yes. Wow, you are just getting slammed. What? Is it my time up? Yeah, I guess so. I'm not going to gay Disney. Oh, but John from Staten Island, don't forget to stop by the store before the show for some analese. All right, we've got to take a break here. Thanks, Sandy. You're welcome. Thank you. I just love going through the instant feedback. It's great. Hey, listen, the text for Greece with Tiffany and Danny Osmond going sell next week. Spaz wants to go, but he can't afford it. Uh, Brian, what's going on? I have the clip of Sebastian Bach singing the song and, uh, check one hide. All right, let's do it. All right. Okay, here we go. Hold on. I just want to dedicate this one to, uh, Gilda Radner and more importantly, Rosanna, Rosanna and more importantly, I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going to be singing the song and I'm going