 OP and ENTHONY Who would you rather nail? I disqualify myself cause I've done them both Look at this weirdo 1027 WNEW Powered by OP and ENTHONY Owned by Infinity Broadcasting This is 1027 WNEW News of New York 1027 WNEW Powered by OP and ENTHONY Owned by Infinity Broadcasting This is 1027 WNEW Powered by OP and ENTHONY Owned by Infinity Broadcasting This is 1027 WNEW Powered by OP and ENTHONY Owned by Infinity Broadcasting This is 1027 WNEW Powered by OP and ENTHONY Owned by Infinity Broadcasting This is 1027 WNEW Powered by OP and ENTHONY Hell yeah 2127571027 Is our phone number It's 2 for Tuesday 2 for Tuesday I forgot about that That means twice the hilarity today From your pals O and A Twice the insanity We're doing 2 first Exclusively on WNEW 2 2 for Tuesday 2 for Tuesday on WNEW 2 for Tuesday 2 for Tuesday Alright what the hell Let's put some smiles on our faces Tofer Let's put our smiles on our faces And run through this crap one more time Slap a smile on it Plow through this crap one more time One more time Alright Okay, that's good So OP Big basketball fan you are I know you're a little disappointed that Nick's weren't in In the finals but I was disappointed but thank god Reggie Miller Did not get his god damn Championship Doesn't make me happy to see Shaq get one but But it was It was fun, it was exciting last night The Lakers Took it all, congratulations to the LA Lakers And they're sweeping up LA as we speak Yes they are Something about other cities like Chicago and LA Where else Denver I think they even Riot We don't really get the riots here for Sporting events No, cause you see We have lives in this city When was the last time we had a riot A good old fashioned riot when one of our teams Won a championship I can't remember, it's been a while right I gotta say though Congratulations to Whitey Very very good You're showing and you're rioting out in LA I was very pleased With Whitey's visibility And pillaging Burning Out in LA, a lot of the pictures I saw The majority of the people Rioting were white people Well yeah And then the ones, the pictures I did see Where there were black people involved One picture of them trying to overturn a news truck White people And black people side by side Working together Together in vandalism Opie I had a tear in my eye Thinking maybe There is hope for our society If we can work together like that They were working side by side A survivor They were working side by side No No indication, no one cared what color The guy was next to him Their goal was just to turn that news truck over Break the windows and set it aflame They didn't care if the guy helping Was black or hispanic or white Rodney King is proud today Anthony Yes, he is proud We all got along in LA He said can't we all just get along For once last night they all got along And destroyed parts of Los Angeles Together As a unit Not divided by race Bob Costas, he's a dope and he should be shot He wrecks every sporting event That he's a part of I remember you were very upset with him Oh my god Well last night They're showing the outside of the Staples Center And a huge crowd is forming And they already have like a bonfire Right outside the Staples Center It's not a national park It's a parking lot We're not in the woods here, it's the middle of a city And Bob Costas is like People are starting to gather to celebrate A possible Lakers victory Celebrate And they have a bonfire Let's just hope it doesn't get out of hand Yeah sure It shouldn't get out of hand We're all going to get marshmallows And toast them outside the Staples Center I saw one of the news trucks With all the equipment on the roof And the side doors were open There was a crowd of people in front like it was the F'n Ice Cream Man And they're just pulling equipment out of the truck And running away It was like a Mr. Softy truck And then when it was empty What did they do? They just broke the windows And lit it on fire I'm looking at some of the clips now It looks like they missed the LA riots Anthony Here's a cop silhouetted by a huge fire Another picture Look at this guy Doesn't he understand how totally F'ty is? He's staring in the car, he's got a big Lakers banner He's in front of I think A port-a-potty And a fire And he's mugging for the camera Something tells me there's going to be another shot of him Very soon Profile and front on With a few numbers underneath Look what I did to you again Here's a cute shot of one of Los Angeles firefighters Extinguishing a burning police car Outside the Staples Center That has graffiti on the side He's got the hose over his shoulder Quarantine various Foam and water into that Another couple of cops With their night sticks out Silhouetted by the flames That's the dramatic photo Here's the guy breaking The windshield of one of the news vans With a folding chair He has no shirt on His hat's on backwards White guy, he's very excited that the Lakers won the championship And if you look to the left That's what I'm talking about Look at the ice cream man, there's a crowd of people by the open doors Just trying to take whatever I don't know what they're going to do with like Satellite equipment Trying to hook it up to their TV or something And here's the shot that brought a tear to my eye Look at this Whitey and black guys Working together To push over a news van There is hope And you've got to think Kobe Bryant feels pretty proud today They're wearing Kobe Bryant jerseys Yeah, a couple of Kobe jerseys And then the final photo I have The police car Just completely inflamed It looks like it's in the middle of exploding And there's a rider Jumping over the front of the car He's like got a foot on the hood And he's kind of jumping in this celebratory Woohoo thing As the flames burn Unbelievable What causes people to do that Because your team won My team won the team Not even your team A team I watch They got the same colored jersey I wear So they won So we have to burn the police cars And crack some windows Oh my god Let's go to Oh wait, let me fix the phones here Okay, Marshall what's going on Hey What's up I'm okay, what's up Sounds like our audience is getting younger Yeah Younger and younger, how are you Marshall I'm okay How old are you Twelve What do you want to say today The Lakers win their championship And then they burn this place down I don't understand what their point was What are they trying to prove Just like destroying a bunch of cop cars Well they're very excited about their team winning Very excited, yes They could have gone to a bar and gotten drunk And just like torched that place, but then a bunch of cop cars Yeah Alright Marshall, thank you So congratulations to the Lakers Anthony Yeah As we sit here without a championship Of another year Again Look what the rest of the NBA did to us Again Well at least it's over, my god that basketball season Lasts a long friggin time I gotta tell you It's like July now right Yeah, and when did they start A few months It's amazing, it just seemed to go on forever Yeah, they stretch it out nowadays ONA are hypocrites with riots Oh really, okay Let me hear Tony, what's going on You guys are a bunch of hypocrites in my opinion Why is that Because if there's a bunch of black people in hispanics Then you say, well you see these guys And you act and you go all kinds of ways around Oh my god And when to let them finish And yet, when it's black and white Now it's okay, now we're working together Oh see, okay He didn't catch my sarcasm You effing friggin retard Tony, what are you stupid No I'm not stupid Tony, you need to know what sarcasm is If you're going to listen to our radio Yeah, I'm real happy that black and white are working together To destroy your city I'm not stupid I'm not even a player I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid I'm not stupid They're in a championship and they don't know how to act They're burning up their own town Oh my god I don't care what color you are You shouldn't be rioting over your team winning a championship Exactly I think that's the point we were making But the sarcasm is with whitey and blacky Working together to riot together for once For once That's called sarcasm Okay, for once huh Alright, well then I'm wrong And I won't apologize You don't need to apologize I won't apologize When are you turning yourself in by the way? I'm not turning myself in, I wasn't there Yeah sure Alright, bye Michael, I still have not heard you call the people that were involved in the riots last night Animals, okay you want to hear it? They're animals Did you see the savages last night on the news? You guys Animals and savages We should just quit doing this radio show if you don't get our sarcasm at times Please We should just quit because it's not worth trying to do anything on this radio show It's called sarcasm Holy mother of pearl Speaking of that wilding in Central Park It seems like everyone is still talking about it Anthony Yeah You know what I find funny? They're going to the videotape to try to You know, figure out who did the crimes Yeah We can't figure out if a guy catches a god damn football When we do an instant replay in the NFL And we're going to use that same technology to decide if someone fondled a girl or not Yeah Well it all depends on someone ratting out someone they know Yeah Like they have to see it on the news and then go Hey wait a minute, I know him Let me call the police And I don't see that happening, you know? Right And they can put up all the wanted posters they want All I know is whenever I walk into a post office and look at that wanted wall Looks like it did when I walked in there five years ago I don't know And Howard Safer, he's all over Like the news station is going You know, if you were part of the Central Park Wilding We want you to turn yourself in Because I think if you did I know, but he's saying that and going Because it's just a matter of time before we know who you are And we're coming to get you That basically means, holy S, we don't have a clue Who did what You better do it Oh my God, I hope they find out Why else would you go on the radio and say that? I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know Talk about the best type of best grip to push over a news van I don't understand why they couldn't get it over Back when they rioted in Chicago they were able to push over those those news vans Will you shut up dog I hate you Shut up we're going to put a new mic in a barrel and throw stuff on them I need ratings That'd be great I hate you dog We've been working together for 11 years I stand looking at you another day. Talking about the pasting the Yankee gave the Red Sox last night at Fenway, the Green Monster, no barrier for the mighty bottom of the Yanks. The Green Monster looking like a green fence last night for the Yankees. Oh my God, that was hysterical. Where's God damn hysterical. Get Psycho Mark in here. This is too good to pass out. This will be our only sports break of the day by the way. It was so friggin funny. Psycho Mark, Mark's a huge Sox fan. God I see the Sox. 22 to 1 right? 22 to 1. 2? 2? 22? Unbelievable, they pelted them. Everybody was hitting. Did you see Steinbrenner at one point got up to bat and hit a home run right out of Fenway. Go help yourself the Sox rules. Mark for nothing. All I have to say to you is White Sox last weekend. That's old news now. Did you see Zim hit a three run homer right out of the park when they put him up as a goof. He hit a homer when they. I thought it was just his pacemaker he coughed out. He used his head to hit a homer. It was that easy last night. Now stepping up to the plate Joe DiMaggio. He's been dead there wheeling his coffin up to the plate. This looks like an easy out for the Sox. End the pitch. Woah a towering high fly by. That one over. Over Fenway. Unbelievable Joe DiMaggio dead. That's one out of Fenway. What are they doing? Oh Christopher Reeve rolling up to the plate. The Yanks putting Christopher Reeve in. I don't see how this can't be an out for the Red Sox. Oh my god it's out of here. Out of here. We'll see tonight with Phaedra. Oh please. Oh yeah. We won so much. We're only a half a game behind. It is Stephen Hawking. Please let me hit for the Yankees. Stephen Hawking's rolling up to the plate. They're going to give them a shot. They're so far ahead right now. Now this is impossible. I don't understand. All you have to do is lob it over the Yankees. You have to get it over the Yankees. You have to get it over the Yankees. You have to get it over the Yankees. You have to get it over the Yankees. Now this is impossible. I don't understand. All you have to do is lob it over the plate and you're striking him out. Ah. It's out of here. A three run homer by the completely paralyzed Stephen Hawking. Up next for the Yankees, Don Imus. Yeah I'm going to swing a bat at the ball baby. He can't even swing a bat with five broken ribs but I think he did last night. You see my home run against the Sox. Three run homer baby. Right over the green monster. Yeah baby. Moby Worm coming to get you. That's the name of your ad. Shut up. Shut up psycho Mark. We have audio from the game last night. Din din din din din din. Din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din din. The Gas House Gorillas. Remember those guys? All right even though it's the Mets could you just pop this up. I just love Red Sox abuse. I love Sox abuse. You got it? Hold on. Don't hit the wrong switch there. So the winning run is at second base with two out. Three and two to Lukey Wilton. Little roller up along first behind the back. Oh my and the Mets win it. Go Sox. Not for nothing. God bless you Sarah. Ladies and gentlemen up the bat for the Yankees. King Gimp. King Gimp I don't understand. This has got to be an easy out. Oh my god a three run home for King Gimp as he convulses around the bases. 22 to 1 the biggest pasting in Red Sox history. Din din din din din din din. What were they doing Mark? You know you're a Sox fan. You know what was the mindset there? What happened that they could self destruct so badly? Did Mo Von come back to town and they went to a strip club until 4 or 5 in the morning? Yeah. In your opinion what do you think happened with the Sox? They F'd the Sox. It doesn't matter what happened. We kicked your ass. 22. 22? Two. They were F'ing the dog. You gotta love it. Mark from Saudi right? Mark. Boy don't haste me. Don't haste me. I'm from Saudi. Gassi and Para. We like him even though he's here. You know why? Gassi and Para. The Sox. Go Nomad. What happened to Nomad's back? That was a tragedy. It's an epic tragedy. There you go. Look he's got his big Go Sox. The Fong Hand. That friggin finger should just be put up someone's butt. This is wicked awesome this finger. It's wicked piss up. We're number one finger maker. Even the Met fans are laughing at you guys today. We'll go after Met's. I still love Bacna. He's still my favorite. John what's going on? Hey how's it going? Doing well. Did you guys know why the Red Sox are like lawn furniture? Why? Because you fold them up and put them away at the end of summer. Hey that's good. Good one guys. Alright. That's good. Lewis what's going on? Yeah dudes I can't believe this guy's cheering for those loser Red Sox. Sox! Listen I think they took a bigger raping than those women at Central Park last week last night. Good God almighty. And they enjoyed it too! Yeah they got it up deep. Wah wah wah. Alright Lewis. Take care dudes bye bye. Those Sox. New York checking in again. This is for Psycho Mark. Hey Mark look what I did to you again. Again me. Pedro's pitching tonight you sea sucking. Wow we might only get ten runs. Oh yeah. Poo. Poo. Poo. Poo. Poo. Roy from Jersey. I hear that Christopher Reeves even hit one out and he just blew into the little straw and it swung the bat for him. Yeah. You know it was a pretty touching moment in last night's game when Joe Torre went to the plate and hit a home run out of Fenway with his colon. With just a piece of his colon and that ball flew. Right I think it hit Lansdowne. Amazing. Vinnie from Rosedale. Those were hits? I thought Knobloch was throwing a first every time a ball left the park. Yeah we got that problem to do it. Yeah but Jena throwing that arrow huh? That was real good. Oh wow you still got one run last night. And 22 for the Yankees. Matt from Westchester. The Yankees better conduct a massive checkup of all their players. After last night's performance they probably all have huge tumors according to spas. Yeah. Play Buckner. Someone wants to hear the Buckner again. Oh we love the Buckner. Well not for nothing. Who doesn't? I think Buckner's got more fans in New York than he has. So the winning run is at second base with two out, three and two to Lukey Wilton. Little roller up along first. Behind the bat it gets through Buckner. A little roller up. That's it it's over. Yeah we love Mookie and Salton. Yeah socks wet it's over. Little roller it's done. It's not oopsie. Oopsie. What happened there? That'll cost ya. Let me get this straight. Psycho Mark doesn't get upset when you get him to touch man junk but he gets pissed when the socks lose. He's got his priorities straight. Alright very good. Next up Harry Carrey. I've been buying Harry Carrey with his big thick glasses. It's out of here. Hitting it with a hot dog. I thought Phil Rizzuono was there too last night. Look at this a classic day for Yankee baseball. Taking the plate now it's Thurman Munson. Thurman how much of them they could find. This has to be an easy out for the socks. It's going to pretty much wrap it up. Oh it's out of here. It's out of here. They ran out of little numbers to put up in the green monster. Did they have to turn over a five to make another two? Is that what they did over there the green monster? Some guy in there. Where's my other two card? I can't find it. When do we like to get an electric scarb on? I can't find another two card. Damn it. Two? 1918. 1918. It's so much fun. We love the socks. Yeah Mark you do remember the last time I petted face Pedro right? You do remember right? Yeah how did that one end? Two one yanks. There we go. At least we get to drink beer in the bleachers. Finally Mark brings up a valid point. That is a valid point. I got to give you that. That's all you have to say to go have yourselves a socks roll. Fadway Park. The green monster. Classic. Next up. Tony Soprano's mother. Come on now you've got too far. Chris what's going on? Hey Chris. Hey what's up guys. How are you? You heard that even Darryl Strawberry's dealer had a hard run last night. Yeah that's true. That was I believe in the seventh inning. Darryl Strawberry's coke dealer got up and just slammed it. Got a huge piece of that ball. Wow he killed it. And also followed up by two runs from his horse that he got down in Florida. Remember those two crackhorses that he picked up. Oh yeah. Yeah. It was a great day. Great day for the Yanks. We got to take a break. So much more to do. A lot of people on hold. We're talking about the Central Park Wilding. We're talking about the rioting in LA after the Lakers victory. Billy Martin's head in the sixth inning had to be the highlight when he clinched the bat in his teeth. And swung for the green monster and it went over. Jesus. It was amazing. That's long. All right we'll take a break. 212-757-1027. Fran is 84 years old. Rick you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay. Train wreck radio. Leopold and Anthony show. 1027 WNEW. Anthony Mujan. Yes Mujan. We just met a couple of people from Mujan. Yes. They did a little impromptu demonstration. My god they had this hairy guy. He comes into our office and he wants to show us how well this Mujan thing works. And he's ripping off strips of the Mujan. And he wasn't feeling any pain. I think we should tell people that it was from the back of his hand. From the back of his hand. Yeah. I have a feeling if he took his shirt off he'd have a sweater under there. Yes Mujan. Come on. What are you waiting for? You got a big puffy thing in your panties. You go to the beach with a bikini. It just looks like Larry Fine from The Three Stooges. Yes. Well I mean the people at Mujan have made it really easy to wax. I guess in the old days I don't know the ladies had to go to a salon or something. A salon. And you know what it was? It was embarrassing. They had to put their legs up in stirrups and stuff. And then they would wax it and rip it off. And it would hurt. And blah, blah, blah. Well the people at Mujan made it easy. They got these new strips now. Yeah, they're strips. You just take them right out. There's no preparation. Like some of these waxing things you have to melt wax and smear it on. It's a big mess. These come in strips. You just take them out of the box and they're ready to use. You rub them on. Give a little rub. Peel it off. The hair comes out completely. It grows back finer and less often. And it leaves your skin really smooth. It's the best way to get rid of unwanted hair. It's the Mujan 2000. The strips will be great for the bikini line and everywhere. You want to get rid of unwanted hair. You got that little mustache going there ladies? Come on. We've seen them. Yeah, they got Mujan strips for the face. For the face, for the mustache. Even trim up those eyebrows with the Mujan. But you know ladies, if you look in the mirror and you think you have a mustache but you're not sure, you do. And you got to get rid of it because the guys notice. They really do. So Mujan is the best way to get rid of it. It won't leave a rash. It's not like shaving. Oh my God. Speaking of hair, Anthony. Yes. I don't get this. Maybe you could explain this to me. Sure. I've seen it a lot lately. I saw it on the subway. I saw it at the bagel store over the weekend. You know those people that have like moles on their face? Yeah. Okay. Yes. They seem to be from like some... Romania or Russia. Yeah. It seems that something's going on in those countries. They get more boils on their face than the average person. Yes. Those big moles. I don't understand. You get the mole or the boil on your face and then they feel like they have to let the hair grow out of the boil or the mole? I don't get it. I don't get it. Why can't you trim the hair? Is that going to cause cancer? Can someone explain that to me? Opie, you're Mujan. Dude, I was ordering a bagel in Huntington and I was deeply disturbed because this lady had a huge boil and hair. And hair like this far out in. Yeah. Why would you do that? I don't know. Mujan, your big Romanian mole. Mujan. Aaron Neville. Mujan, the big thing on your head. Too bad they can't come up with a really good product to just get rid of that mole on Aaron Neville's head. That's called a black and decker power sander. Yeah. That'll do. Mujan, it's great. It is the way to remove unwanted hair without irritating your skin. Leaves it smooth, hypoallergenic. This is the way to go. Mujan, available at Dwayne Reid. Harm and cosmetics, Genovese drugs and cosmetics plus. If you don't see Mujan, ask the store manager to bring it in. Mujan. This is your announcer Hugh Mungusbecker saying, Bothy. Anthony. We're obnoxious little a**holes. 1027WNEW. Lots of instant feedback coming in. About the Yankee victory last night in Boston, Anthony. Yes. Mickey Mantle's liver checking in. I homered and then had a few cold ones in the bleachers. Alright, Mick, Rob from Brooklyn checking in. That score was higher than Billy Martin's final blood alcohol content. God, that's awful. The other high profile radio shows, they need to hire comedy writers. We don't need to do that. We've got our listeners, man. Yeah, why bother? 212-757-1027 Anthony. Yes. Today we get back to the normal Opium Anthony show. Yes, we do. We've been torturing women lately. That was kind of fun though. It really was. Yeah, we're going to play some more clips from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge in a little while. I was listening back to some of it and I was definitely enjoying myself just a tad too much. Yes, you were, Anthony. Just a little too much. Looks like you were getting out a little revenge. No, I don't think so. Well, Steve has started putting up the video clips on FounderMusic.com. The screams. See, I thought the still pictures told the story. No, the video's great. The video clips that are on FounderMusic.com and he's got it set up where you don't even have to download the video clips from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. Dreaming media. So you've got to go to FounderMusic.com. The funniest is watching Tabitha get into her barrel. She's all smiling. She's going down into the barrel like giggling and she starts fiddling with her pigtails that she had and she gets in the barrel and Big Kevin just slaps the top on the lockser and then you go to the video of her afterwards. Drown, rap. It's like she just got through the war and she is in like no mood. No, no more giggling, no fun. No. We're going to hear from a few more of the contestants today. We've got to hear from Tabitha and Christian, I think we've heard from all of them. Darrell Strawberry hit a home run because he was swinging at eight balls last night, Anthony. Oh yeah. That coming in. Let's go to the phones, talk to Mark online too. Mark, what's going on man? Yo, what's going on guys? How are you? Not bad. Went to Fenway this past weekend. Yeah. Sported my Yankee jersey of course. Yes. And noticed there were no black people. What, at Fenway? No, none. No, absolutely none. It's a very divided city, Boston. Well, I don't know about you guys, but I ain't seen black people in Boston. It's very divided. If you go to Chelsea or Dorchester, Roxbury. Yeah, but you don't see many black people at the Knick games. I don't know, but listen, Fenway, it's got a really like, I don't know, I love Yankees, I love my Yankee fans, I love my Yankee stadium, but there's a presence at Fenway. I mean, it's like seeing the Green Monster, even though it's not that tall, but it's like it's totally different. Baseball. You're sitting in seats that people sat to watch Babe Ruth. That's pretty wild. Yeah, nurse the curse and I want to play What's in My Pants. No, we don't play What's in My Pants. Eyes? Oh, come on. I'm going to play What's in My Chit. All right. Thank you, Mark. A hairy sack on your chin. Hey, Mary, you're up. What's up? Hey, I just wanted to say that on Friday I was driving around and I saw at Newell Shop Poyote that you guys had a wow sticker stuff. Yes. And I just wanted to say that it was the first time that I wowed somebody. Oh, cool. And how did it go for you? Yeah, it was good. It was awesome. Awesome. And yesterday I was driving on the Tappan Z and I saw somebody made their own like window display of the wow sticker. It said wow and then it said oops, I did it to you again. Hey, nice. That's pretty good. Yeah, it was awesome. We still love seeing the homemade wow signs even though we had the stickers out there now, but I love the creativity a lot of the listeners come up with. Yeah, they made themselves and everything. Cool. A lot of construction sites in Manhattan have wow on them. Ah, I'm noticing. Uh-huh. Thank you, guys. Construction? Is that server construction? I'll slap an injunction on him so quick it'll make his head spin. You just wanted to play that horn so bad. It's got a new sound and that'll work it into the show. But his whole face sucks. That's right. It sucks. God damn. I got a new sound too. Survivor. Survivor, right. You're hypocrites. You spent several days talking about black Hispanic animals that went wilding and the black Hispanics that talked during the movies, but you spent five minutes talking about white rioters in LA. No, I said that a large percentage of them were white. There were blacks in there. Don't worry. We were all working as a team, black and white, to riot and destroy LA together. That's it. What, you want us to go a half hour on that? We would've spent more time on the riots after the Lakers championship, but see, I mean, you know. It's LA. Who cares? And besides that, you know, we look at the phones and see if you guys want to continue talking about something. I think the Central Park wilding was a huge story for everyone. And it was in New York and we're in New York, so we were talking about it. Why, would you also like us to go and talk about black crime in LA? We'll get on that for a while. That might take a few hours. God damn Mexicans. Enough. I'm into the healing now, Opie. I'm into the How cute. I want closure. Any more psycho babble words I could come out with? Closure and healing. There's a big wow on 7th Avenue and 49th Street. Thank you guys. Oh yeah? From here? On a construction site? Slapping a junction on it so quick it'll make its head spin. Hey Linda, what's going on? Linda, what's up? Not too much. NYPD? Yes, I am. Cop chick. Yeah. Cop chicks are hot. Yeah. What's up, cop chick? Not too much. I was listening to your 55 gallon drum challenge. I tried to get through because I wanted to be a contestant. I did? Yes, but I couldn't get through. But I give those girls a lot of credit. Well, you gotta give them credit. Yeah, that was something. I was surprised they were able to go through with it. I'm telling you. Are you one of those hot chick cops? I don't see many of them. I love the ladies out there that are on the NYPD. I've seen a few hot ones. Those are the ones I noticed on subway detail. When you're driving around, you look in the patrol car and you just see a blonde ponytail or something. Whoa, wow. Look at that. There's a few around Yankee Stadium. Yeah. Well, there's somewhere I work too. Huh? There's somewhere I work too. Yeah. How long you've been on the force? Quite some time now, about 12 years. Yeah. Do anything kinky with that nightstick ever? No. Bring any guys home? Yeah. No. You take that nightstick. You guys rule. Hi, Linda. Hi. Care about it. Easy. We're going to play another clip from... Is that where we left off yesterday? Yeah, but we're still... All right. Because we have Tabith on the line as well. You know, there's a lot of phrases from the show being used in the media now, Opie. Have you noticed that? Well, we get a lot of email. Go ahead. Yeah. Somebody sent me something this morning from Reuters, the news agency, talking about Wall Street and how it just really hasn't rallied or come back since the big fall in the end of the winter. And the article starts, torture. It's torture. No way. Torture. It's torture. And then it goes on to say how Wall Street's just tortured by the market slump. But the guy was like, yeah, look at that. You're working your way into the media. A lot of people in the media use the term junk, I noticed. Junk. Okay, terrific is really catching on a lot of people just when they don't know what to say. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Sam, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? Hey. We were just, I just said the ECW show in Danbury, Connecticut. And Mikey Wiprek and Sal Graziano. They, both of them guys were running around before and after and during the show. Okay, terrific. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and I'm over here now a lot. Really? I'm over here now. That's good. Yeah, you guys are... And there was a lot of wow signs in the audience. Yeah, ECW loves the ONA show. What can I tell you? Cool. Just don't bring the ONA signs to the WCW crap. They suck, man. You guys rule. All right, thank you. Is that WCW just the worst? I can't stay on it for... When WWF is in commercials, sometimes you switch over. Yeah. And it's just like, ugh, it's like fake wrestling. It's bad. If there's such a thing. Just old man doing bad leg drops. Yeah. You know, and the crowd just isn't as into it. The Hulk Hogan leg drop, my God. WWF event is like, we're here live from Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. And the crowd just going wild. You switch over there and they're just sitting in their seats watching a bunch. Hey, look, I'm the Hulkster. I'm gonna do a leg drop off the first rope. Wow, that's amazing. Or the clothesline. The clothesline. Oh, yeah. And they actually do the old wrestling holds. Yeah, all the old holds. Remember the old wrestling matches, they would always start with that wrestling hold. Yeah, they'd grab each other's shoulders and... Or they'd put their hands out for the strength challenge. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, they'd grip interlock hands. Oh, God. Meanwhile, you switch over to WWF and the Hardy boys are like falling off the roof of the place or something. Yeah. It's a lot more to watch, without a doubt. The sleeper hold. Not a hold, I just really gotta go to sleep. The WCW can't get into any of the big arenas. That's one reason. So. Sucks. All right, Anthony, we do have to take a break. We have Tabitha, one of the contestants from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge, standing by to talk to us, Anthony. And I believe we could play another clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. If you want to see the video clips, go to foundrymusic.com. Steve said there's so much material to go through, he's going to be putting up new clips throughout the whole week. Cool. As we go to spots here, Jack from Long Island, I see you guys made the paper today. How did it sit with the boss? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, we made page three of the post again. I need my bedpan and green jello, please. Yeah, baby. Seems like other other air personnel is a little jealous. Ouch. That we made the paper today. See, in the old days, it was just one person's name in the paper when something wacky happened in the city. Now it's like, hi, we're here. We're here under your skin. Us two eight-holes. Hello. We need attention too. La la la la la la. And it just pisses him off to no end. Oh, it sure does. That we're getting any type of attention in this town. Hey, Torrey. I think he's more pissed because our lines were much funnier than his in the paper today. Someone's got to say it. Yeah, it's too funny. It just must just burn his ass. It's horrible. It's like in the old days, it was just, you know, if I miss fell off a horse and hurt himself. How is it? Oh, let's let's let's get a comment from his arch rival. Yeah. Now it's like, you know, halfway down the article, hey, look who showed up here. It's open. And don't be an a-hole. With some hilarious lines in the paper today. Oh, when I open up the paper and I have to read a quote that came out of my mouth, I was saved by my big fag cowboy. It's one thing saying it, but then when I read it, I'm just like, where's my life gone? I'm quoting in the paper saying big fag cowboy hat. The line about hitting the ground with his face. God damn. I let line exactly go. If my face at the ground would have hurt the ground. Yeah, baby. Moby worm. I'm gonna do a Hargis bit. I used to say stuff like that all the time, but now it's printed in the paper. Big fag cowboy hat. Save my life, baby. Like a crash helmet. Big gay fag homo cowboy hat. Yeah, baby. Reverend Billy Saul Hargis saved me. I don't care if a Ranger freezes long enough, my plastic Jesus rotten on the dashboard of my car. Reverend Billy Saul Hargis and my big fag cowboy hat saved me. I'm fair. He tripped over Moby Worm. It looks like Moby Worm. My horse tripped over Moby Worm, baby. I'm doing the Imus from the 70s and 80s, ain't I? Not like this Imus, but. Shut up. But the old Imus like, oh, yeah, Billy Saul Hargis. Yeah, we're gonna do a 10,000 hamburger bit. Yeah, baby. Moby Worm coming to your high school. Did I bring that in? What's that bad Imus? In honor of Mr. Imus, I got his CD. Oh, that's great. It's not in my bag. Since Mr. Imus can't be live on the air, we might as well place him, Mr. Imus. It was really bad. I hope our CD, the MetaWorld, holds up to the test of time because Mr. Imus's CD did not hold up to the test of time. Baby. Oh, shut up, Bernard. He was trying to fight from getting that damn thing re-released. That's what I was trying to do. I get my horse to step on a copy of one of my CDs and I trip. Yeah, my face didn't hold up too well to the test of time either. Yeah, baby. Kind of sinking, you know what I mean? Yeah, they're saying the saddle on the horse was too tight and he bucked me off. Moby Worm coming to get you, coming to your high school. It's the Moby Worm coming down the street. Look out. Worse than Moby Worm. It might fall on your head, baby. I'm the Throne Ranger. Goddamn. We're always in trouble. Rob from Brooklyn. You guys are getting into the mainstream media. Last night, Hugh Downs in 2020 told Barbara Walters to kiss his chocolate starfish. And funny, she did. That's funny. Very good. OK. Yeah, I don't know. Did the boss yell at us for that one? No, not yet. All right. Why don't we play a clip from the 55 gallon drum challenge? We're getting to the good clip slowly, but surely here. And when we get back from break, we'll talk to Tabitha, one of the contestants. OK, Andrew? Yeah, baby. I don't even know where we're picking up the 55 gallon drum challenge. I guess we'll just figure it out together here. It's a quick clip and we'll be back. It's about as funny as a sinking school bus. I have a strong stomach. You guys made me blow some stuff. Right. The grossest thing I've ever heard in my life. My favorite horse. You guys are really horrible. Hopefully you have them for me. What a couple of ass wipes. One of them. W.N.E.W. The lesbian ice cream girls have arrived, Anthony. They're setting up outside the studio. Yes, lesbian ice cream girls, you got to love it. We're going to throw on the spaz camp for that in a little while. They're always a lot of fun when they stop by the program. And yes, also, I don't want anyone confused out there. We don't hate Imus. No, that's that's I guess certain people in the media like to twist it like we hate Imus too or something. And that's not true at all. We don't know Imus. Yeah, but the guy has been in New York for many years. He's a public figure, a celebrity in this town. And when something happens to him, what, we're not supposed to talk about him? Eat me. Someone is confusing the issue. Absolutely. And I miss that we didn't like Imus. We like him because the guy seems to have a sense of humor. It's our job to make fun of Imus if he falls off a damn horse. Trust me, he's talked about us and stuff that we've done. And we've talked we talk about him. And the cool thing about the cool thing about him is that he could take a joke. Right. We have found we have heard from his camp that he could take a joke and finds Ant's impression quite quite funny. Contrary to other people that cannot take a joke, contrary to what comes across on his program, he does have a sense of humor. Let's not confuse the issue. We don't hate Imus. No, has nothing to do with that. Yeah, some somebody was trying to confuse the issue like, why do we hate Imus? Why would we talk about Imus? And why do we hate Imus? We don't have a history with Imus Opie. So why would we get on? We're not getting on the air and saying we hate Imus. We're we're doing parody of Imus. See, we're doing a character. We do a character of Mr. Imus. You see, that doesn't mean we're making fun of him. We're not being vindictive and hateful of Mr. Imus. We don't care. I don't know the guy from a hole in the wall, except for what I see on the TV show that he has in the morning and on the radio, which is on too early for me. And I'm not up until noon. But other than that, I don't know. We don't know him. So people try to confuse the issue, though, because it's not, you know, you read your name in the paper and stuff and you think you're going to read the rest of the article. And it's just going to be about what you said. And also, no being Anthony here in there. It's like, oh, Jesus, I've got to piss off some of these two idiots. What am I going to do? I like the mosquito that's caught in your room at night and it keeps going by your ear. The goddamn mosquito. And it goes away and you think, I will never find my ear again. This room is huge. It's a little mosquito. You just started to doze off. Do you hate that? And the giant went either way. And you're going to need a really big fly swatter to get rid of that mosquito. Wack bag, whack bag. All right, Anthony, why don't we talk to Tabitha, one of the contestants from the 55 Gallon Drum Challenge from Friday? Tabitha, by the way, foundrymusic.com, just getting counted. We got video clips from the 55 Gallon Drum Challenge up there. And you might want to try the video clips later on today because Steve is just putting up a ton. He's going to spend the rest of the week putting up new clips there. So, I mean, it just makes the whole thing that more that much more interesting. To see the video. It's a baby girls in the drums. Tabitha. Yeah, hey, you sound much better today. Oh, yeah, I'm 100 percent better today. And once you tell everyone about Tabitha, how she started the contest, how she ended the contest, Tabitha came in. A lot of the guys very surprised. She was a very attractive girl wearing little braid pigtails of blonde hair. Nice figure, very cute face. Nice girl. And she came in all smiles and everything and thought this was going to be a piece of cake pretty much. She even dressed for the occasion. She went in the barrel with a fine piece of lingerie, a little piece of lingerie. And she gets in there, the top gets slapped down. Fast forward a few hours later of abuse and things being dumped on her. She was horrified and almost in tears. She had to meditate in the barrel to keep from freaking out. And at the beginning of the competition, she was throwing stuff back out at us, which just meant made us to put more stuff in her barrel than anyone else's. That was a total mistake. That was another thing, too. You know what it was? You being. Yeah, I think you were the guy's favorite. I got to say that. So a lot of the guys like the girl in the playground that gets picked on the most when when you like the girl. Yeah, that was definitely me. All the guys were throwing stuff in your barrel to try to get your attention. Meanwhile, you would just sit there with your eyes shut, almost in tears. Well, I couldn't recognize anyone except for the waist down. So that was you. Yeah, we should still have our junk out. We had enough holes in the side of the barrel. Yeah, but we broke it down pretty good. I must say you left here a little frazzled. Yeah, I was definitely. And your husband, your husband was here for the festivities. He was pretty pissed off. He was ready to punch Joe Soprano in the face. I think he was ready to hit it. I do at one point. Now he was cool with it. I mean, I think he just kind of it got to him after a while. Well, yeah, we're abusing his wife right in front of him. Yeah, but he whenever he came over and like checked on me, I was still smiling for the most part until the very end. And then it was just I mean, I was really almost at my wit's end there. And if it had gone on too much longer, I would have gotten out. Really? Absolutely. I mean, it was so disgusting in those barrels. I don't think people can really picture what it was like being on the inside of that thing. I mean, it was like if you ever see a movie where people have to like go down into the sewers, it was like that. I mean, it was just so nasty and it was so claustrophobic and creepy. And really dark. Yeah. And the smell was just oh, God. The smell was just I mean, it was worse than anything I've ever experienced. Yeah. Now, what was the worst part for you when you were in that barrel? You know, I guess probably the the bugs. Yeah. Yeah, that was the ones the girls really freaked out at the crickets and then the mealworms and then the huge hissing cockroaches. Mostly because that was at the end and it was like we were all just getting fed up with it. And you know, that was just like the icing on the cake. It was awful. Yeah. And we ran out of stuff to throw in the barrel. You guys made it through the hissing cockroaches. We're like, what else can we throw in there? We were at least going to lose one more years after that. But we had we had an extra rat laying around from ratting. But well, you would have lost me if you put that in there. That's for sure. What what did your cleaning ritual, your hygiene? I looked at that one when you got home. I'm still in the tub from Friday. I'm looking at the picture of you on any W dot com of you getting out of the barrel. And there's just bugs all over your fine lingerie and all over your body. There's bugs in your cleavage. I took I took like a really hot, soapy bath for like two hours. You know, I've washed my hair about 40 times. Wait, did you shower first? I guess that's kind of gross to just get in a tub. Oh, no, no, no. Yeah, no, no, no. All that crap would be floating around in the tub. No, no, no, no, no. I scraped off the first few layers of that. Did you find anything in your kiki? No, everything was just fine. Everything is fine. It's like a gasket down there. Everything is fresh as a daisy. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, all I remember is you walking from the studio to the bathroom. They got cleaned up with the towel around you and your face looked pained. Oh, your hair was just a different color. It was like, you know, I think it's because it smelled worse outside of the barrel than it did inside the barrel. Certainly did. I mean, you guys dumped like two gallons of tomato juice into the drums before you put all the fish guts. That's the only thing that neutralizes that fish smell. Hey, you know they use that for skunk tomato juice. You take a bath in tomato juice. We didn't think about that. We didn't have this figured out. I mean, we had the sour milk. That was pretty bad. Yeah. I mean, trust me, the smell was terrible, but it's just I think the chum smell was worse in the studio than it was in the barrel. Yeah. I don't think our listeners fully understand this contest yet. I mean, we had the sour milk where it was just clumps. It was out all day on a radiator and we were pouring it right on the girls head. It was just clumps on their head of sour milk and cream and everything else. Oh, it was so disgusting. And this is just so totally out of character for me. I mean, I have like a really conservative job on Wall Street. You know, my friends, my family, they're just totally appalled. Ah, they're appalled? They're appalled. I mean, it's hysterical. That is pretty funny. All right. Now, did you have any nightmares? A lot of the contestants we talked to so far, they had nightmares over the weekend. Yeah, I did actually. Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah. What happened? I had some nightmares. You know, I mean, it's starting to wear off. Like right now, it doesn't really bother me anymore. But the next day, you know, because I was tired, I was kind of short on sleep. We went out that night and I just, you know, when I finally went home and crashed, I just I woke up like ten times in the night dreaming that I was still in that barrel. It was like things getting dumped on me much worse than what you were dumping on me. Wow. Yeah, it's pretty creepy. See, we don't do wacky radio here where we have a bunch of contestants. They have to touch a car. Last person touching the car gets it. Yeah. Who cares? We actually make you go home horrified. Yes. We break you down. No, but it was worth it just to see if I could do it. Then you did. You made it all the way to the end. One of the three that made it to the end. Yeah. Two out of the five failed during the bug segment. Yeah, that was a little rough. Little rough. And I was definitely on the edge. Yeah. Well, Tabitha, you're going to have to come to the next road show because you're going to be a hero. OK, no more bugs, all right? No, we'll treat you like a princess. Our listeners will treat you with the utmost respect. Tabitha? Yeah. Would you like to do one more thing for us? Yeah. Can we play Guess What's in Tabitha's Pants right now? I had a feeling that was coming. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what. I'm in my office, but that probably makes it that much better, huh? Now it's very hot. And now there's no choice. Now you have to play. I'll do it. All right. We'll give you some Mujan. When have I ever turned you guys down? We'll give you some Mujan. Right. All contestants of What's in My Pants get Mujan for now. Yes, the official sponsor of Guess What's in My Pants, Mujan. All right, you want to play? Yeah. All right. Oh, all right. And you got the pin-pin work. Pin-pins! Very good. Just give me the rules here. I'm not an expert on this. The rules are you take the phone that you're on. You rub it on your most intimate of areas, up and down, side to side, and then a circular motion. And then Opie and I will guess what type of hairstyle you're sporting in your lap. And you don't mention it. You don't give us any hints or clues or tell us until we have given our response and asked you for the answer. I just got to close the shade here. You know, I'm in a really public place. Yeah, you close the shade. And what are you wearing right now? I'm wearing a business suit. Business suit? Yeah, I've got sort of a little librarian look going on. Ah, all right. You're going to be able to get that, you know, your pants down and stuff? Well, I'm not really wearing anything that would get in the way, so. Ah, what do you got, like a little skirt thing on? Yeah. And then underneath, what type of panties you wearing? None. OK, hold on. Don't say a word. Let us all just bask in that for a minute. Just for a minute. Did you go to work like this? Yeah, I always do. You don't wear panties, do you? No, I'm wearing stockings. Stockings, OK. But sometimes I just wear the thigh-highs. All right, hold on. So it's going to be easy. Yeah, no problem. OK, so it's going to be easy for you. Oh, wait a minute. You guys still there? You're going to be able to take the phone with me. Hold it, hold on. So now you've got stockings for the phone. I'm having a hard time with this. There's no blood in our heads anymore. Vagina! Yes! So you're going to be able to take the phone and pull the stockings away and get it on the bare whatever you have down there. Absolutely. OK, terrific. Should I just go ahead and go? No, we need the theme song. The theme song coming up here. Very haunting. People really like this damn thing. It's time to play. Vagina! It's time to play. Vagina! It's time to play. Hey, guess what's in my bag? Budstick! Vagina! It's time to play. Vagina! It's time to play. Hey, guess what's in my bag? Budstick! Ouch! I'm having a hard time! Poo-sah! Poo-sah! Poo-sah! All right. All right, ready? Yeah, we're ready on this end, Coward. OK. Give a little rub up and down. Up and down first. Yes. All right. OK, that's good. Now, side to side, if you would, slowly. OK. Got it? Yes, now a slow circular motion. OK, hold on. Poo-sah! Yeah. Poo-sah! Was that enough for you there, boys? Yeah, that was very telling. I need side to side one more time. Oh, man. OK. Hang on a second. There's people walking by. Give me a minute. Yeah, you have all the time you need. Yeah, hold on. I need just about a minute more. Got it? Got it, yeah. All right, Opie, I am going to say... Now, remember, don't reveal what you have until we ask you. OK. Opie, I am going to say she has a natural well-kept triangle. Yeah, I was going to do the same. Are you saying that? Yeah. You could still take that. No, I got to go with that, too. This is the first time we're agreeing on this. We're actually agreeing. Tabitha, if you would tell us what is in your pants. All right, it's somewhere between a hardwood floor and sort of like a real, real short crook head. So, it's just a trimmed triangle. Very, very short. And it's also, by the way, I'm a natural blonde. Yes, yes. So, I think you guys have won. Huzzah! Huzzah! We definitely won. Huzzah! We've given you enough stuff, but now hold on a line. We're going to give you some Mujan. Some Mujan. Oh, great. Huzzah! Yes. By the way, guys, we have like three hours of video, mostly of Anthony just getting a total buzz from pouring stuff on us. Yeah, that was pretty bad. I was enjoying it much too much. Yeah, I mean, it looked like a lot more fun from the outside than from the inside. Let's put it that way. It was. Well, if we ever do this again, we're going to invite you girls down and you could abuse whoever's in the... Suite. Yeah, in the barrels. All right, Tabitha, thanks for playing What's in My Pants. Thanks for being a contestant in the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. No problem. And look at that. RJ from Jersey got it wrong. He guessed you had a hissing cockroach in your pants. Not anymore. All right, hold on the line, okay? Okay. Huzzah! There she goes, the lovely Tabitha from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge, Anthony. That was pretty good. Coming to the table to play Guess What's in My Pants. I didn't think you were going to be able to pull that one off. Pan pan, Dopey. Pan pan! Let's go to Jay on line seven. Jay, what's going on? Yeah, I heard somebody stealing your bit the other day on the air. The DJ was playing Guess What's in My Pants. It was, I think, Zoo 100. Guess What's in My Pants, but please, please only men call. Okay? Zoo 100. What's his... It was either that or KC-101. They were playing like Britney Spears and stuff, so I don't really know. I was playing in a shopping center when I heard it. The funny thing is every call was... Um, what floor? I can't, nothing's going in yet. All right, Jay. What floor, I'm calling. Thank you, Jay. All right, see you guys. Bye. All right, Ant, as we go to break, why don't we play another clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge? Oh, okay. We found Mr. Imus' CD, Anthony. Yeah, 1200 Hamburgers, baby. That's what the CD's called. We must play the title track next. Some of the comedy stylings of the im-im, Imus. In his heyday back in the 70s and 80s, baby, when I was up, Imus, doing Hargis Bits and talking about Moby Worm coming down the street to your school, baby. Not the Imus of now, which is the grumpy... Oh, shut up, Bernard. Grumpy, broken rib, collapsed lung, Imus. We also have the Lesbo Ice Cream Girls here. Yeah, they're here, huh? Yeah, we just got to get the spaz cam hooked up and we'll get that going as well. And here's another clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. We're slowly but surely working our way through the contest again, giving you the highlights. Later on today, we should finally get to the bug clips, which are just unbelievable. The screams of horror. Yes, but this is when we started pouring the sour milk on top of their heads with the clumps. OB. What is it going to take for us to piss you off to the point where you're going to change the stage? And that's what I need to know. Shove it. Boy, it's seriously easy to be a fag on this, though, isn't it? That's going to be trouble. OB. And Anthony. We just received a PhD in stupidity. 1027. WNEW. You caught me off guard, OB. I was yelling at Anthony, limo Anthony. I did that on purpose. And Anthony, it's goofball.com. goofball.com. I was checking this out yesterday. It's pretty cool. It's fun. It's free. It's easy to use. If you spend a lot of time at your computer looking up fun stuff and naked pictures, games, internet jokes, you can spend hours going to different sites to find all this stuff. At goofball.com, it's all there for you. It's like your one-stop shopping for the moron that listens. It's like the perfect person. If you listen to this show, go to goofball.com. I was on there yesterday. They got really funny audio and video clips. And of course, nudes. Nudes celebrity shots. Twisted video. Make you forget work. Why work when you're at work? What are you doing? You're sitting there? You're doing what the boss told you to do? You're getting that reporting on time? Oh, please. Log off of the word processor program and go to goofball.com. Just reminded me of a story. I'm going to get my brother-in-law in trouble. My brother-in-law, you were talking about how when you're working, most people are on the computer and stuff, checking out sick websites and all that. Well, I'm not going to tell you where he works, but they have spaz camps hooked up at all the offices. So you can check out other offices. Really? Right. So they decide to check out other offices and they decide to check out their Manhattan office. There's an employee. Not only did they catch him on the internet checking out porno and stuff, but it was gay porno. And the whole freaking company was able to access this spaz camp. All you see is the back of the guy in front of him, a screen with just the sickest gay porno picture on his screen. You know what the funny part is? That was our own Ken Stevens, our boss here at N.E.W. The cat's out of the bag now. He was telling me this over the weekend. I was laughing so freaking hard. God, can you imagine? That's embarrassing. Because the guy screwed on many levels because they caught him not working and surfing. And then on top of that, he's at a gay website. You know what's amazing with the workplace and computers is they've pretty much given games and things to play with and not do your work right in front of you. It's like the old days before computers. It's like your boss coming up and throwing a Monopoly game in front of you. Here you go. You know what? I'm going to play. Or throwing you a Game Boy or something. A Game Boy, anything. But now we all have computers. We're not supposed to try to see what it could do. It's right there. Go to goofball.com. Like I said, free, easy to use. It's fun. It's your one stop place on the internet to take time out and have some fun. Take a break from the daily grind at work. Goofball.com. Opie and Anthony. Kevlar kind of day. One oh two seven. W.A.W. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven is our phone number. Having a good show today. Having fun. Yeah. We got lesbian ice cream girls outside the studio. They're gorgeous. I saw that. You have made my ride home very easy the last few weeks. Oh, look at Anthony. He pops headphones on now and everything. You're like I'm a guest. Anthony the limo guy. What? You're like I'm a guest. What? What? Did you like my commercial I did for you? You like my breed? No, she's going to give it to me today. I didn't even hear it. I give it a little extra special push when it's for my personal friends. Remember the old one? Yeah, I was laughing. I said, if you want to get banged in the back seat of your limo, go to Vital Limousine. You're the best. And what were you saying about driving? No, nothing. I didn't. I swear. I don't even want to talk to you. Coming in here is like a war just to get two words in with you. Well, quickly give a plug then for your company. Oh, wait. Actually, we have to give them a real plug today because you donated what? $400 to the... $300. $300 to the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge and you already wrote the check so we really have to let you do a plug. I'm buying time now. You are officially. Go ahead, tell them where they can get a wonderful Vital Limousine. Vital Transfetation 718. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. $400. All right, listen. Listen. Aunt, the boss did tell us we have to. We have to give them a plug. Or we'll get in trouble. Yeah, or we'll get in trouble. You do it, aunt. Or we'll get in trouble. So you gave $300 to the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. That's correct. All right, so the number for a limousine so we can make this official so we don't get in trouble with the company. Okay, got it. $500. What's your name, scumbag? What's your name, scumbag? What's your name, scumbag? $700. What's your name, scumbag? You are gay. You are gay. I hate you. Shut up! Alright, I'm sorry. Die. I'm being the nice one. You are not. You do it every time I come in. You don't even let me do anything. Am I? It's all good. Am I pushing any buttons here? No, you're not. I know we have to allow you to get the phone number on the air because you donated $300 and it would be illegal to just take your money. Right. Okay? So I'm sorry. So I was joking because that's what we usually do when you're in here. So just give the number so we can get to the lesbian ice cream girls. Ridal Transportation 718. The big yellow one's a son! The big yellow one's a son! What is hope? What's your name scumbag? Pooza! What's your name scumbag? Pooza! Butt sex! It's not horny! It's not hard to play records! $2500. Extension. $300. Shut up! Get out of here you tool man. Such a tool. Oh man. It's funny because it's not me. Alright, get your $300 plug because we really have to move on. Ridal Transportation. That's one of the vital limos pulling in right there. Hey, where's my limo? Hey Whitey! Oh yeah, vital limo. Oh yeah. Hang on. Hang on. Oh my God. What are you doing? Don't be destroying the place. What? What's that? Is that really me losing it? Yes. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. How was you destroying the phones from yesterday? Wow. I'm a mental case. Call vital limousine. Talk to. Let me know. Let me know. Come on. I gotta go see someone. I didn't realize it was that bad. You're mental man. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. You were saying shut up at that point. I tried to rip the $10,000 phone system right out of the console. Great. You can hear it in the background. Listen. My God. I'm serious. I'm going to go talk to someone. Listen to the shut up. It's like, shut up. Listen. Here it is from yesterday. Shut up. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Shut up. If you listen closely though, you hear the wires and everything being yanked. The best part is you're going shut up. Withdrawals from Valium. You're insane. I'm off to Valium. That lasted a few weeks. I'm fine now. You are surprised at how you sound. What? I said you are surprised right now at how you sound. Well, yeah. Scary, isn't it? You should see the video clips on FoundryMusic.com where I took out Ben's arm yesterday. She got so pissed. And then the Magic 8 Ball against that Tools cabinet of vinyl records. We've got to move on. Thanks for that plug. Oh my God. Sonny. Sonny, I had to hang up on you. Your phone sucked. Let's go to Michelle. Michelle, you're next on WNEW. How are you today? Hey guys. My name is Michelle. How are you? Good. Obey, your voice really turned me on. Thank you. Good, right? Obey's voice. I know that. I go to the beach from Long Island. We can tell. Thanks a lot. I'm laying there, you know, and no one is really around, and I put this little T-shirt underneath me. I'm a thinker walkman, and Obey's talking, and I'm getting all hot. Oh yeah. Did that make the radio? Probably not. Oh, I'm sorry. You had the big O four times on the beach listening to my voice. Oh yeah. Wow. What was I talking about? It was really interesting. You were just answering some phone calls, right? Yeah. I don't know what it is. Every time I listen to you it's like, oh my God, did I masturbate? And I just did it. So where's your hand now? My hand's touching myself right now. Have you ever seen a grown man naked? I hope that made it. Her hand is, you know. Is she gay? Your hand isn't down there? Yeah. I don't care because she doesn't like me. You're cool Anthony. I'm fine. They all have their favorites. Poor. So you're doing the deed right now? Yes I am. Okay, listen to this. Very nice. Yeah. Hey guys, I love you. What are you doing? You know what I'm doing. Yeah, we know what you're doing. Where are you doing it? Put the phone down there. Seriously? Yeah. I gotta hear something. Okay. Go ahead. No, not play what's in my pants. No, I didn't mean play what's in my pants. I meant put the phone down there and just continue doing whatever you were doing. Okay. Go ahead. No, I couldn't hear. It's working. I couldn't hear it. Yeah, we can't go any further. We're going to get screwed. I'm sorry guys. I need the slashing noise. It's not easy to put the sound of a pedicure on the radio. All right. Well, Michelle, thank you. Call back any time. I will. Take it easy guys. All right. Michelle, it masturbates to my voice, Anthony. Lovely. Of course, now we're going to have to bring the voice down a little lower here today. Oh, and I got the iMISS CD. Yeah, the iMISS CD. When was this put out? What year was this put out? I'm sure it was in the early 2000s. I'm sure it wasn't originally released on CD. This is a phonograph record. 1972. 72, baby. A CD called 1200 Hamburgers to Go. Right before my exile to Cleveland, I believe. 72. Before WNBZ. I think they re-released it in 1997, 25 years later. Yeah, because it needed to be re-released. Such a work of a genius. I think, in all fairness to Mr. I.M.I.S., I don't think he wanted this thing re-released. Ouch. It didn't hold up to the test of time. Would you like to play the title track from his CD, 1200 Hamburgers to Go, Ant? Yeah. Okay. Let's sit back and enjoy some vintage I.M.I.S. in the morning program. Here it is. A prank call to a McDonald's restaurant. Ordering 1200 Hamburgers to Go. Wait a minute. My ribs hurt, baby. I'm laughing so hard already at the silence before the bit. Here we go. Oh, shut up, Bernard. Jerk. Here we go. It is time now for Climbing Fighter's Notes. Yeah. This is funny stuff. Get a load of this. Listen to that phone. Wait a minute. I didn't even notice that. Yeah, that old antique phone. That was cutting edge technology back when I did this bit. Oh my God. Oh my God. Middle of those phones, it would hurt your finger. Hi, McDonald's Hamburgers. Yeah. This is Sergeant Kirkland of the Air National Guard. Bernard, come quick. I need you. Lunch is good. We're not open for another two hours, sir. Well, what time would it be? About 10 o'clock, you'd open? About 10.30, sir. Yeah. Well, I wondered if I could give you the order now. I need quite a few and stop by this afternoon to pick them up. I'm just cleaning up. I'm the assistant manager. Well, I'd like to get if I could 1200 Hamburgers. Oh, ponderous. Pardon me, sir? Well, we don't have enough meat or the buns for twelve hours. We need to get some lunches to go. Just a moment, I'm going to have to ask my... Could you hold on for a second? Sergeant, just a moment. There's a guy here who's a sergeant with the National Guard. Hear me laughing? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah, listen, what do you think? I want to order the buns for twelve hundred hamburgers. Well, can't you get some from the other stores? I guess I'll... What's the government doing? Yes, sir. I'll have to do that, sir. I'll tell you what, why don't you just take the order and then get them as soon as you can and I'll call you back in an hour, is that okay? Oh, that would be good, sir. All right, we need... Huh? You want... Twelve hundred hamburgers. Now listen, on three hundred of those I want you to hold the mustard but put on plenty of mayonnaise and lettuce. And I don't want any onions on those. And on two hundred, when I make that two hundred and one I want you to hold the mayo and lettuce but lay on the mustard. Make those medium rare. And if you... On the first three hundred, let's see, on the first three hundred if you can cook two hundred and seventy-five of those rare with onions and mustard and mayo and no lettuce. You got that so far? No lettuce. And it's okay to hold the mustard on those even. Don't butter the buns. Put butter on them. Two hundred and thirty-four. Let's say half of two hundred and seventy-five be one hundred and thirty-four, right? And then half of that make it butter on the buns. We'll make it butter on the buns for one hundred and thirty-five with no mustard on the buns but plenty of mayonnaise and onions. Then we want two hundred and fifty just plain with no mustard or mayonnaise or lettuce or onions. And then you can put lettuce on three of those and cook those medium well with no butter on the buns. And can we get some chocolate shakes for everybody? Yeah, yeah. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? I'm us in the morning. Now that is a funny bit. Do you hear that? You know when I started riffing about butter on the bun? You want it on each burger? Yes. Yeah, you know three hundred and thirty-five of them I want with some ketchup. And then two hundred put some mayonnaise on. I laugh even thinking about it now, you know fifty years later. It still holds up. Oh shut up, jerk. Wow. Wow. Bernard, come quickly. I need you. I've just invented the telephone and now I'm going to do a fun bit. I'm going to call McDonald's. Oh wait, I haven't been invented yet. McDonald's. McDonald's. Let me call the general store at the corner. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. I'm going to ask for all the pickles they got in the pickle barrel. You guys are taking them out, throwing them, and then licking the icing off your fingers. Congratulations, you are now married in some countries. Countries, okay. I heard countries. Alright, that was a lot of fun. Wow! Let's hear it for the girls. Where's Vagelvis? I want Vagelvis! Are we doing, hey, where's the chef? Here, Mike the chef, Psycho Mark. What's up next, chef? Well, I think we're going to paint some bikinis on them. They're going to lick them off. And yes, it's going to be the lower half. Very nice. Okay, terrific. Okay, yes. Wow, could you believe, that shot, you did unbelievable. Gotta give you props. She's still trying to fight. That wasn't me, was it? Yeah. You thought me? No. It made a sound. It went... Anyway, okay, NottieHilton.com, Sable Minx with an X.com. And Kayla. And Kayla with no dot com. But she has a lovely new hairdo. Okay, Anthony? Lovely. Let's take a quick break. Only a couple minutes here. And we'll be back with the lesbian ice cream girls in just a bit. It's WNEW. Behind the senior. What happens if you don't see the old sexual device? Still the finger. Behind the playful talk. Do you know how many guys we're sick of, sector? Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. Behind the glamour. We leave you with the sounds of a sea in the mouth. Behind the horn with Opie and Anthony. You'll never look at gash the same way again. On 1027 WNEW. 212757 1027 is our phone number. Having lots of fun today, Anthony. Yeah. Getting the show back on track. Having fun with lesbians. Ah, yeah. That was a fun little game we played with the lesbian ice cream girls. I'm reading the instant feedback coming in. A lot of people checking it out on the spaz cam off of the WNEW site. And a lot of people, a little aggravated that Big Kevin is in every friggin' picture. He's in every shot. He's sitting in the chair behind the girls. And you know, you got the lovely ladies there and then Kevin. Big Kevin, you can't sit on a couch. That's too bad. That's too bad. Well, the girls are cleaning out their cracks. I think we could say that. Yeah. And the chefs are painting bikinis on them with icing. And then we're going to take the bikinis off. Yes. But that cherry game was hilarious. They had little dart boards on their boobs. And we had to throw the cherries at the boobs. And they stuck and stuff. And I was like, okay, this is fun for about two minutes. Great. And then we had them on all fours. And we started doing the real target practice. All fours. Oh my God. Opie had the throw of the day. It landed. It just went swock. And didn't move. The cherry just stayed there. Well, it almost disappeared to tell you the truth. It was just off the hook. I'm looking at you. It was. First time a cherry's been in that area in many years. Oh, come on. It's a little joke. All right. I'm looking at the expass cam right now. Yeah. Girl on the floor just laying there. Getting her bikini put on her. You know, there is a lighting problem with that camera. Is there any way to dim the light in there? Dim the light down because there's a lot of glare. 13-year-olds, boot up. We got naked nicks on www.com. All guys that are going through puberty right now, here's your chance. Here is your chance. I want to see how this works now, I think. Big Kev, get your body out of the way. Wow. That's a shot. Someone's finger is in the camera. How does that work? I did not touch the camera. Not once. I swear. No, you were in every shot. Yeah, you were in every shot. Our horny listeners do not want to see your massive body in the background. That's right. I agree. I know it's tough to get out of shots because you're so big, but try another room. Okay. Hey, Jeff, what's going on? Yeah, that's what I was doing. Jeff? Yeah? What's going on, Jeff? That was the funniest sound I've ever heard of Jerry smacking. I know. That was smacking against ass. All right, how did you guys keep from not getting excited when they turned around and started throwing them home? My God. I wasn't throwing them, I was hitting them. Like that. Who could concentrate, right? I was flinging them off my homemade, you know, green light. Hope was doing great. He landed it right in. I had like no-block throws. I was hitting Big Kevin. I can't throw. Oh, man. That was great. Yeah, my one shot was nothing but net, if you know what I'm saying. You know what the worst part was? That's better. Now look, that is a perfect shot now. The lighting is correct. See, I'm helping you guys out there. I'm reading your feedback. I'm listening. Let me see. That's a good shot. Oh, yeah, perfect. The girls are completely naked outside the studio right now. WNAW.com. Did you see what was going on though with Anthony picking the cherries up? Did you realize that? Yeah, he's in the studio. He was picking the cherries up off of the blue tarp after they had been in the most intimate of these girls' areas and then picking them up and putting them back in the icing thing. You guys are taking them out with your fingers, throwing them and then licking your fingers. In essence, you were licking A. And I might have to leave the show. After that shot, I threw. George Steinbrenner is on the phone. Oh, yeah? Yep. You know, the guy is playing second base for the Yanks, but before you know it. That is a perfect picture on the website. I hope you're appreciative, people. Of course they are, Anthony. Most interactive radio show in America. We give you stuff here. You check out what we check out on most occasions. Let's go to Bill on line seven. Bill, what's up? Hey, someone tells me Naubeck would not be good at this game. You guys beat me to it, but I just had to throw that in. Go Sox. Go Sox. Go Sox. Let's go Pedro. Yeah, please. Take it easy. All right, thank you. All right, the girls are getting their bikinis put on. This could be some sick stuff in a little while. Yeah, and then they're going to lick them off of each other. Hey, Hope, if you hit that any harder, you would need a cherry picker. Yeah, I thought you were going to need a corkscrew to get that cherry out. Hey, Owen, this is the best free porno cam on the web. Yeah, we give you free smut. Thank you for this great service because a 14-year-old can't go to porn sites, allegedly. Where are you going to go for your porno? The Opian Anthony Show. Are you sure that's a finger on the cam? Oh, that's even better. They dim the light even a little more, it looks like. Now you're just seeing girl. You know what was happening before? The girls were so fuzzy and whited out that they were looking bigger than they were. So we were getting instant feedbacks going, hey, those girls are big. No, they're not. Look at them. They're beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. On the cam. This guy I like too would pay money to eat the cherries. Dennis, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's going on? How are you? Good. I come out of work and working in Brooklyn. I work for doctors. It's boring work. I come out and I turn on to listen to this. Yeah, I know. I'm like, we've got a better job than you guys. No one. No one. We know that. We feel guilty every day, trust me. I'm trying to picture you driving back home at the end of the day. And what runs through your mind? Like I got the best job in the world. But Anthony, what is your problem with cleaning the cream off the cherries, brother? Please. I'll look. I don't want to put my tongue anywhere. I don't know where it's... Jesus. Jesus. Look at the picture of that guy isolated. Bullseye, red eye, well eye. Very nice. He's picking the cherry out. That's my shot. Yeah. Where's that picture? He's got it on the website. He's got it on the website? Yeah. I want that job. Thank you, Dennis. Thank you. All right, bye. Let's go to Steve. Steve, you're 13 years old. Yeah, what's up? Hey, how you doing? I'm doing great, dude. Those pictures have completely changed my life. You know, if only there was something like this when I was growing up, Opie. Yeah. You know, we didn't have anything like this. We had to sneak out and try to steal Playboys from our friends' parents and stuff like that. But we're still from the stationery store. Yeah. But this is something. You have such a life of smut to look forward to in front of you, Steve. That's better than the porn I like to see in my friend's house. Yeah, very good, Steve. Have fun. Thank you. Bye. What do you say? Yeah, what do you say? Hey, Matt, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's up? How old are you, Matt? Me? Yeah. I'm 14. All right. That's what I'm calling to say. There is no other place on earth where puberty and adolescence can be so much effing fun. See that? I'm telling you, you guys do more than a public service. You guys do a public bang almost, I swear. Glad we can assist you through the hardships that are puberty. Yes. Syndication when syndication lines are funny again. All right, Matt. Hey, wait. That's funny. That's pretty good. Yeah, it can happen anytime. Paradox. All right, Anthony, well, are the girls almost ready out there? Yeah. Are they? We're going to step back out? Yeah, we should step out in a minute here. Please let me come back in a minute. I'll show that picture. Okay. All three in a row. Look at that. Six boobs across. All right, Anthony, why don't we do this? Why don't we play another... We're not going to take a break. We'll keep going here. Why don't we play another clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge? We're trying to get rid of all these clips. Yeah. All right. I think this is a clip where we dump the bugs in the barrels. This is where it just got absolutely insane. Oh, yeah. The screens are just horrific. And you can check out video clips on FoundryMusic.com. All right? Steve will be putting clips up for the rest of the week. But here we go. Another clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge from Friday. Girls just losing as we dump bugs into the barrels. And right after this, we'll be outside the studio with the lesbian ice cream girls. Lots going on in the ONA show today. Check this out. Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay. Trainwreck Radio. The O.B. and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. We're back outside the studio. Yes, we have the three lovely ladies on the blue tarp. They have frosting, like icing bikinis made on them. But they have little additions. Oh, big. Yeah. Chocolate chips that look like pubie hair. Yeah. And then right in the middle, they cut a banana in half and shoved that on there. So it almost looks like they are an Aphrodite. Yeah, the bananas are protruding from their bikini area. Yes. Where's the chef? What are we doing? They are going to eat these bikini bottoms in a three-way configuration. Ah, the three-way configuration. Very difficult maneuver that we did before, but we'll have to do it again. The three-way maneuver. This is more difficult than the Blue Angels. Up in the sky with the fighter planes, the three-way maneuver. Yeah. Yes, yes. Watch out. Kayla's got the strawberry on her koochie. Yeah, she's got a strawberry. Nadia's bikini is see-through at this point. Yes. You love the bikini. It's eating itself. Yeah, it really is. It's amazing. It seems to be a little hot down there. The bikini is melting away in certain areas. The icing sure does look lip-smacking good. I go, why? Why? We're all having fun. It could be in the bottoms. And it looks like Sable hasn't eaten today. All right, they're trying to figure out how to do this. It could take a while. You ever see the sloppy kid at the birthday party that gets icing all over him? Yes. That's what that looks like, only if the kid had a beard. That's all. Okay. The three girls are trying to figure it out. Yes, that way. We have it. It's like figuring out that top-triggered-numb-treat problem at school. It's almost like synchronized swimming. They're getting into the three-way position. Wow. That's some shot right there. It took a while, but they figured out how to get... Wow, look at her leg. She can get that thing moving up there. All right, so the girls are in a triangle now, Anthony. Don't you see that? I see it, Ann. I see it. All that's missing is the pole. She's bragging about her martial arts skills, Ann. Martial arts. Care. Are you consuming food? What do you think? Long food. Exactly. All right, are we waiting for a sign? Food. Thank you. Oh, there they go. Okay, okay. Oh, my goodness gracious. Okay, they are... They are... Yeah. They are... Yes. Wow. Let me get another field mic down there, Anthony. Yeah, why don't you get down to the field? Okay. Oh, my God. We'll get right in there. Ground zero. You don't get this at Disney.com, do you? Wow. How does it taste? Finger-licking good. Yummy? Oh, my God. You doggy. The sounds of... I can't describe what these are, the sounds of. Oh, wow. Yes, that's lovely. Oh, my goodness. That's great. Yeah, I'm going to try and get those out of there. Yeah, right. It's a Carvel three-way logo. Carvel. Lesbo Lick-Off. Wednesdays, Sundays, Tuesdays, Lesbian Day. And Carvel. This is a brand new... It certainly does. But please, girls, no Fudgy the Whale. Wow. What the... That is amazing, girls. Okay. F'ing awesome. This girl's got some leg action going. That is amazing. She gets it right over her head like that. God, you could have sex in a suitcase. What was that? I was asking. Do you want me to rotate? Rotate. I was worried it was going to look like a Mr. Softie machine. That's amazing. Self-serve. I think they want to see the jealous... We got to do the Vagelvis. Do we have time for Vagelvis? What is Mr. Chef saying? They can do a counterclockwise eating. Counterclockwise, yes. We've got to get exactly the right caloric intake. Yes, of course. There we go. Ah, yeah. See, now we get the view we didn't get before. Now we get to... Your other leg has to go up now, right? We could spend the next... Want a bad one? Wow. Is that amazing? It's happening right over her head. That's what you're looking at when you said that's amazing. What are you looking at? What, are you kidding? We're going to get it later. Whoa, look at that. We're all going to get it later, yes. Look at what she... Oh my goodness, look at that. Listen to those sounds. It's like dropping a mic into a fish tank. Yeah, like in the sonar, you hear the whale song. Oh, oh. Only this is the sound of the three-way. Oh, boy. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Is it on my face? Yeah, there's icing on your face. Yeah, there's icing on your face. Why are you down there? Could you search for my high school classroom? That's amazing. Michael Mark, you haven't been near them. How'd you get frosting on your pants? Oh, I see. All right, very nice. That was wonderful. That was nice. Yeah, we're speechless once again today. Very good. Look what you did to us again. Is that a DJ stuttering? Is that a DJ stuttering? She's been like this little smudge right on your nose. All right, are we going to set up for Vagelvis? Yes. Yes. How are you going to get that cream off your mouth now? Yeah. Wow, some got on her nose. How do I get this off? How did that happen? Oh, okay. Yeah, that's very nice. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right, one thing. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Why don't they set up for the Vagelvis? I guess this is the showstopper coming up. Vagelvis. What is the Vagelvis? Give the chef guy the mic. You're looking horrible. You look so cute. Give us a little on what we can expect from Vagelvis. Well, have you ever seen a vagina with an Elvis hairdo and sideburns? Interesting. Okay. Vagelvis. Vagelvis. Vagelvis. I'm looking forward to it. On the O&A show. Yeah. We'll be back in a few minutes. Stay there. It's N.E.W. All set to the go. Don't you have any self-respect? Aren't you embarrassed to sell to your family? Hopefully, he'll advance for me. You inhuman slime! One of these seven, T.W.N.E.W. I know we're in the middle of commercials, but I've got to go to line nine real fast. Chris, what's up? Hello? Hey, Chris, you're on the radio. What's going on? Oh, you guys are killing me. I've been licking my lips like Crackleboy Chapstick. I think these girls are going to need Chapstick after that. I can't make any damn deliveries. That's funny, Chris. Oh, my God. Very good. Thank you. You guys are the best. All right, man. Bye. Bye. Licking his lips. All right, Anthony. Bud Light. Bud Light. Bud Light salutes all the O&A listeners, right? When we're sitting around watching girls doing each other, what are we drinking? Bud Light, Anthony. Bud Light. Ice cold Bud Light. This is what you want to drink during the show. This is what you want to drink during the summer. We love it. It tastes like Bud. I don't even know. Someone hands me a bottle of Bud Light. I think they give me a Bud when I drink it. I don't notice any difference in the taste. It's not like you're drinking a light beer. It's great, cool, refreshing. We are proud Bud Light drinkers. No lying needed with Bud Light. Have one today. Bud Light is indeed the life of the party. Make it a Bud Light all summer long. Drink it while you're watching the Yankees. Count the Sox. The Sox 22 to 1. Yeah. Pummeled. Or even when you're hanging out watching the Mets. Why not? Bud Light. Bud Light salutes all of O&A listeners. When follows follow up, you treat them like good people. You don't talk down to them. Hey, f*** you. Jesus Christ, shut up. You idiot. You're such a loser. Hey, f*** you. What a retard. You're high. What are you, stupid? Hey, f*** you. The Opie and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. Yeah, we have another clip to add to that promo from yesterday's show. Me ripping the phones out of the wall. You know, today is the type of radio that I think that twat, Lin-Samuels, would love. Right? I think so. Oh, Lin-Samuels. This is the award winning radio that she would just love. Now you gotta explain yourself, Anthony. Well, she doesn't like our show. We saw a posting of hers. She wrote her own self. And she doesn't like us very much. Let's see, what did she write? Lin-Samuels. She's on some stage around here. I don't know. One that no one listens to. With that annoying voice. I'd rather listen to deaf people argue. Then. I can't bring myself to listen to O and A. But I have been listening to Vince Galtzer for as long as I can remember. Must be a long ass time. He is humorous, intelligent, insightful. Sweet, he's really ideal. Oh no, that's McGilligarilla. That's elegant intelligence. He's humorous, intelligent, insightful, spiritual. And has a wonderful taste in music. He has been a delight and inspiration to me as long as I have been on the radio. I will never forget the comfort he brought to so many of us the night John Lennon was murdered. Oh, thank God for Vin. We never would have made it through. Vin is, in short. Vin is short? Oh no, in short. Everything O and A are not. Pathetic. That for whatever reason, radio is degenerated to the point that they are doing afternoon drive in New York City. And Vin is only on once a week. No, that's not radio degenerating to a point. That's the audience speaking. They don't want to hear that drivel more than once a week. They don't want to hear it once a week. For some reason, I don't know. What has he got? Naked pictures of CBS executives? And speaking of radio geniuses. What? I don't even know what she's talking about there. Yeah, she's upset that we're on the air in afternoon drive. Yet she doesn't listen to us. She's never heard us. According to this posting, I cannot bring myself to listen to an afternoon. And Vin's only on once a week. Me! Me! She makes that... You ever see on the Discovery Channel vultures fighting over a piece of meat in the Serengeti? Me! Me! Me! That's Lynn Samuels. Annoying. Ugh. Louis, crotch rat. Hey, Louis. Dudes, I can't believe the day has come when I have to rail on Anthony like I do on Spaz. Anthony, I can't believe you're effing talking about that giant quack after you just had friggin' babes playing Hunt Down the Cherry. What the hell's wrong with you? I'm standing here at attention, the little commando's doing the one-eyed shuffle, and suddenly he crawls up my ass because you mentioned Lynn Samuel. I didn't even think about that, Louis. What's wrong with you? You're totally right. I see your point. Dudes, I love you guys, but come on. Don't ever mention Lynn Samuels. People, don't start Nattie Hilton. So you can watch the little turtle crawl back into the shower. Here's Lynn Samuels. We're going to have Nattie Hilton in our back door on the show. Oh, thank God. Opie, do me a favor. When he starts talking about old bitches, duck-tape his mouth shut! Thank you, Louis. Thank you, Louis. Take care, dudes. She does have a point. She's got a great, great face, too. Perfect face for radio. Yes. Lynn Samuels! Big vulture head laying into a hyena's carcass. You're upset because you're... I don't even know if she's on the air anymore. And is there... Once a week? Is there anyone else in the New York market that likes Opie and Anthony? No, and they're all coming out of the woodwork now, saying how much we blow, and they don't listen to us. How could you not listen and not like us? Shouldn't you listen and then... I don't know. Watch out, she'll peck your eyes out. Here comes Lynn! Big vulture. Oh, yeah. Let's go to Charlie. Charlie! Suck it! Charlie! Hey, Opie! Hey! Hey, look what you guys did to me again. Driving home in my van. You guys are the best, man. All right, we want to hear from, like, the 13-year-old boys. That was hilarious. Hey, a little early. What I learned today? Yeah. I really can't listen to you guys when you're doing this and driving a van. All right. I gotta pull over. Hey, thank you, Charlie. You guys are the greatest, man. All right, SpazCam is up again. They're making the Vagelvis. The Vagelvis is being made. Vagelvis. All right, let's go to Kevin on line 9. Kevin, you're next on N.E.W. How are you? Oh, good afternoon, gentlemen. I gotta tell you this. I'm cruising across Bronx on my way home like I do every day. Chuck E. Carroll alongside me with a big, homemade O&A written on the back doors. We stopped in the middle of the cross, Bronx, hold the traffic so I could give him some stickers. The guy's excited. He's got a video camera. He's taping wow as anything he can out the window. He just killed me with that. Oh, cool. Lin-Samuels, the window. All right, terrific. Talk to you later, guys. Thanks, man. Yeah, very good. All right. Don't forget to watch Jay Moore tonight on FX Action Comes Back to TV starting tonight. Oh, yeah. We're going to see those lost episodes. Well, yeah, they're going to do the whole series, Ron, including all the episodes that did not air originally. Yeah, because Fox couldn't run it. They needed that Wendy Love Hewitt show that was on there. Oh, boy, that's a keeper. But take Jay's show off. It was mildly entertaining. So it had to be removed from the airwaves. Mildly? It was critically acclaimed. Everyone was digging on the show and then all of a sudden they just yanked it on us. Seth, what's up? Hey, guys. Hey. You guys, the only thing that actually makes puberty good. Yes. Puberty pretty much for the most part really sucks because you're just always thinking about getting laid, but it's the hardest thing to do at that age. So yeah, we just offer you a little pressure relief valve. You know, that's what our show is. And one thing, guys? Yeah. Ex-Syndication now. Let's try getting Spaz mental health now. All right. Thank you. And the other one? Yeah. Thank you. You're in an LD school. Maybe Spaz should be there, not me. Thank you. All right. Let's go to James. James, you're next on WNEW. Hey, ONA. Hey. I'm 14 and I wanted to tell you thank you so much for the Spaz camp. Oh, no. Well, because allegedly stealing them from unknown sources, you know, it's a lot easier to hook up. All right, James. Thank you. Thank you. All right. They actually weren't new to women. It was all done at Industrial Light and Magic with the magic blue screen photography they used in Star Wars, Opie. They were computer-generated women. And that was actually the Holland Tunnel. Yeah. That was it. Frank, Opie and I were just throwing cherries in front of a blue screen. Frank. Hey, guys. Yeah. Yeah, hey. I'm 14. I just wanted to tell you guys the Spaz camp is the greatest thing ever. I love you guys. Yeah. Tell all your friends. Free .0 on the Opie and Anthony show. Well, I can see Vagel. Dude, I'm looking at the camera. It's Vagel. And even through the camera from a distance, I see the king. The king of crotch and roll. I see that. Yes. And it looks like he's got a mohawk. John. Yeah. Hey, what's up? Guys, so far today I've learned that with radio like this and the Spaz game once just isn't enough. Thank you, bro. All right. Bye. Bye. Yeah. Look, Sean from Putnam County checking in. Guys, right outside the studio. And look, it's Vagel. It's the funniest thing I've ever seen. Why don't we tilt the camera a little closer so we get a nice close-up of Vagel. A little closer. Head out there. Of Vagelvis. Vagelvis, everyone. Vagelvis. We still have the clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. The last clip, Anthony. Should we play that and then go outside and check out Vagelvis? And finish up with Vagelvis? Yeah. We'll give some of the listeners a chance to view it on the Spaz cam and then we'll go out there. All right. No, it's up here. Vagelvis. Vagelvis. Keep talking, man. I've got to find some. Why men say all the food will run in, but I can't help being in a woman's crotch. Ah, shoot. I learned that Vagelvis is an outlet for sexual tension in pubescent boys everywhere. Our show is like a helping hand. Wow, that's Vagelvis, all right. Vagelvis. Oh, there he is. It looks like Vag Fred Flintstone. Doesn't it look like Vag Fred Flintstone? Hey, Barney, I'm a Vag. Fake friend. Wow, look at that. A close-up of Vagelvis with the two girls ready to work on his hair. Yeah, tell him to hold on a minute. Why don't we play this last clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge and we'll end the show outside the studio, Anthony, okay? Okay, terrific. Terrific. So much going on. Trying to keep it all organized here. You can see video clips from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge at FoundryMusic.com. This is the last clip we'll play, we promise. This is when the girls just started losing it, when we started throwing in all sorts of bugs, including the grand finale, which was the hissing cockroaches, Anthony. I'm reading some of the instant feedback, Albie. And 15 and spanking it. One is saying, Vagelvis, is it me or does he have an S-eating grin on? Little play on words. Very funny. Okay, here's the last clip from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. Girls, in the barrels, get ready to be attacked by bugs. Alright, Anthony, that was the final clip of the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge. Screaming was just great. Wendy was completely freaked out. She couldn't even talk. And then she was hyperventilating. She sounded like the Blair Witch thing, where she was like, Wait till you see the video clips from that event on FoundryMusic.com, because you see the barrels shaking and stuff. It's really freaky. Steve's going to be putting clips up from the 55-Gallon Drum Challenge the rest of the week, so if it's not up there yet, just keep checking back at FoundryMusic.com. We're playing Elvis in the background, Anthony, because we're outside the studio now to finish the radio show today. And Vagelvis is on the blue tarp. Vagelvis is on the blue tarp. Oh my God, it looks like a cross between Vagelvis and Fred Flintstone, doesn't it? It has a little Fred Flintstone to it. Oh, he certainly does. What does she say? He's got an Adam's apple. Actually, it looks like Vagimus. Yeah, that part could be used for my neck skin. Very nice. That's good. I like it. Vagelvis, it does resemble the king. The king. Very good. And what do you do with Elvis after he's on... You know, the pictures and it gets eaten and it's gone. They get to suck his face. You stick it to him. Bounce your yam bag off of him, yeah. Sable's going to show everyone why she did so bad at the SATs, Anthony. Yeah. You're not married, right? You're married, you're not, right? Neither one of us is married at this moment in time. You guys are taking your picture taken on either side next to the child? Oh, that would be okay. I'm thinking... Pending litigation. And I'm thinking... It keeps me from doing anything else. And I'm thinking about running for political office at my radio career. Your picture could ruin any political aspiration you may have. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. All right, so why don't we get the festivities going? We got Nadia from nadiahilton.com. Let me get the plugs in. Give a little lick so he turns into Vag Corky. Just to stort him. We got Sable Minx with an X.com. And of course, Kayla, that doesn't have a website, but she has nice new hairdo today. Wait, wait, I got something. Just get rid of enough of the frosting at the top of his head so the under part comes through and he looks like JFK. We're all having fun. We're having a great time. What every time? What every time something happens when we're having fun? He needs that like he needs a hole in there. All right, let's go down to the field, Mike Anthony. Down to the field is O.J. Hey. Oh, yeah, they just took his hair off. He's bald, Elvis. He's bald, Elvis. Oh, my God. That's pretty funny. I'm Elvis. Vag Elvis. That's pretty good. Let's just take out one eye. Okay. Take out an eye. There we go. I could take out an eye. Taking out an eye. Oh, my God. Look at him. Yeah. Wow. Is there a point to this? Absolutely not, Elvis. Besides the obvious. You're looking for any type of sense to be made of this. All right. Just make it to the wrong spot. Yeah. All right. Now, are you ready? Yep, we're ready. No. Wow. That's pretty cool. Let's go down to... It kind of looks like now when you take Silly Putty and pick up the comics and stretch it. There it goes. Let's go down to Jim Gray. Jim Gray. On the field. On the field. Well, I don't think that was part of Elvis there. No. Oh, my God. I don't remember Elvis having a chocolate chip. At one point when they removed Elvis' mouth, he suddenly had lips like Abner Leigh. Wow. We can just have a good time in here. Who else gives you porno and comedy at the same time? Wow, that's something. Yes. Right. Well, unfortunately Elvis has... Elvis is gone. Elvis has left the bench. Elvis has left the bench. He's done. Wow. Yeah, yeah. Big hand. Big hand. That's nice. Bravo, Anthony. Bravo. Let's hear it for the ladies. Yes, NadiaHill.com. Beautiful job, girls. SableMinksWithAnX.com. She just did her first porno. And Kayla. What? Kayla. Kayla. Just me. All right. I'll have a website. How about that? When I come back, I'll have a website. Cool. And these guys are taking pictures and stuff that they're going to give to us eventually for our website. Yeah. There you go. Oh, look. They're all snuggled up at each other. Very cute. Hey. Hey, she's winking at me. Hey, there you go. All right. Why don't we go back into the studio and play a quick round of what did we learn on the R.A. show? What an educational program. We'll let the ladies clean up. This was like the old show Zoom. It was so educational today. Oh, my God. You running over to the mic there, Ralph? There we go. All right. We're back in the studio. What a day, huh? What a day. This was like the learning channel Zoom and Sesame Street all wrapped up into one. Wow. I'm looking at this fast cam. And we're going to get thrown in jail. I swear to God. Oh, boy. All right, Anthony. Well, let's go to the phones and play what did we learn on the R.A. show today. 2127571027. Angelo, what's up? What's up, R.A.? This is Angelo from Queens. I just wanted to say that what I learned today was that Elvis from Gashville, Tennessee, over and out, precious. Very good. Law from Jersey learned today that the spaz cam does not live up to his name. This thing actually does its job. What I learned today, King Gimp was batting clean up for the Yankees last night. What did we learn? I learned that even Tony Soprano's dead mother can hit a home run. Dan from Hoboken, I learned Vital limo's phone number is... Oh, no, wait. I didn't. Anthony learned that the canoe driver was knocked off his canoe because of Opie's cherry throw. That's pretty true, man. I learned that any W is your one stop pop for free porn. Let's go to the phones here. Let's talk to John. There's a lovely picture on the spaz cam of all the ladies. John, what's going on? Hey, I'm 28 and the spaz cam still is awesome. See? There you go. Fun for all ages. Thank you, buddy. Thanks. All right. Let's go to Keith on line nine. Keith, what did you learn today? OB. You guys are the best. I learned that Tom Carvel released a new ice cream player today. I bought you the whale eye. Oh, that's a good one. I didn't think of that one. You guys suck. Thanks. That's why it's the most interactive radio show in America. We need your help. I learned that the Opie and Anthony show is the best way around your parents' internet tracking software when you're 12. Vagelvis. Vagelvis. It looks like tender London broil. I learned that spandex and miniskirts are not for everyone. I learned that it's okay to laugh at deaf people as long as they're not looking at you. See how much everyone learned? Babe Ruth learned that he hit a home run against the Sox last night even though he's been dead for over 40 years. All right. Anyone else with anything good here? I'm reading through them. Let's go to Matt. Matt, you're next on any W. Hey. What's up, guys? What's up? Listen, I'm sticking my story. You guys make puberty fun and that's why today I learned how to get some good nudity without the fear of prosecution or being grounded. So guys, all I've got to say is thank you very much for syndication when syndication lines get funny again. I'm sticking to that. Later. That was pretty good. Okay, let's get to Paul. Paul, how are you today? Hey guys, what's up? Hey. I learned ONA can turn pornography into comedy. Yeah, we turn pornography into comedy. I also learned why Vince Skelton's show is called Idiot's Delight for obvious reasons. Yeah. syndication when Anthony Lomond Drive gives out the goddamn number. It ain't going to happen. Steve from Long Island, I learned that Tavitha doesn't wear panties to work. What I learned, never, never, never lick the cream from Nevermind. Dan from Hoboken learned that the skinny Vagelvis is better than the fat Vagelvis. Silent Bob from Jersey, I learned something today but I can't remember anything earlier than 20 minutes ago. I learned the new starting lineup for the Yanks. Anthony is on second base. Stephen Hawkins is the DH and Helen Keller won't be listening to the game on the radio. Let's go to Lewis. Lewis, what's going on? Yeah, I learned a few things today, guys. I learned that Hello Cherry Pie takes on a whole new meaning. Yes. I learned that Ice Cream, You Scream, We All Scream by Ice Cream is the new Opie and Anthony theme. Yes. And I learned that Spaz is still the dumbest F that ever lived. There you go. All right, thank you, Lewis. I can't even say this guy's name or where he says he's from. But he learned that the Spaz cam updates at 15 strokes per second. Jake from Jersey, I learned that Anthony can go take a leak without Reagan calling in. That is good. Wow, boy. That is very good. There's a faithful listen. We love the obscure references and that's brilliant, Jake. Cecil B. DeMille checking in from On Location. Thanks for turning down the lights, gentlemen. I learned that slowly but surely you guys are working your way into pop culture and it's pissing a certain morning show host off. I learned how ONA will make the front page of the New York Post. Page three again today. Page three today. We're working on it. We're trying to get to the front page. That will be the end of the ONA show. But what the hell? I learned I miss made comedy that wasn't even funny 100 years ago. Let's see. I'm trying to go through all the instant feedback. I learned that the next time I see a 13 year old buying Kleenex in the store, he's actually stocking up for the ONA show. I learned there's a hatcher wound on the Spaz cam. I learned women can get their cherry back if they visit your show. No bones from Jersey learned that my DSL connection finally paid off. Yeah, a lot of people happy with their DSLs and cable modems today. Yeah, I think we're done. Yeah, that's about it. Very educational. I think we're done, Anthony. Want to give out some concert tickets? What the hell? Yeah, sure. Yeah, we'll give the ladies a plug in a second here. Do they want to come in and say hi real fast? I think I got the Kleenex. I think I got the Kleenex. Why don't we give out some tickets, Anthony? 10th caller right now at 2127571027 will win a pair of tickets to see. Ready for this, Anthony? Yes. Iron Maiden, Queensryche and Rob Halford, August 5th at the Garden. You can get these tickets before you can buy them. Tickets go on sale Saturday through Ticketmaster. 10th caller gets them. Iron Maiden, Queensryche, Rob Halford, August 5th at the Garden. 2127571027. And the ladies are back in the studio. Thank you, Nadia. Fine job. You're welcome. Wow. Nadia has no pants on. That was amazing. Do you have pants on? No, look, she's naked. Completely naked. I got her shirt on trying to fool us. Yeah. I thought this was my pants. Any final plugs? I mean, everyone should check out Nadia. Nadia got plugged. What are you kidding? You can check out Nadia at nadiahilton.com. Also you can check out Sable. Sable Manx. Absolutely. Sable Manx with an X.com. And you have a page on Nadia's website? Kayla has a page on Nadia's website. Oh, so check out Kayla. And Kayla is also on Sable's website. Your website, whore. She is. That's cool. She's everywhere. Very nice. Nice share. Well, you guys did a great job today. You guys got to do that at like one of our road shows or something. Oh my God, people would lose their minds. We have to sign teneties for people to call in and you can get them off. Nadia's going to sign like, just have her sign them and we'll let her know. Limited edition people. Nadia Hilton signed cards and pictures where you see her back door. And a Sosa rookie card. All right. You guys got to send us some clips and video from this so we can put it up on our websites. Yes? Okay, very good. Come back and see us soon, okay? We will. Well done, Nadia and her girls, Anthony. Always doing a great job. Well done. Thank you. And with that, we'll see you guys tomorrow too. Thanks for listening. Donna Mike next. You want a little dose of honesty? You find it here on the OVN Anthony Show. They're a couple of idiots. Filthy, disgusting, greasy idiots. 1027 WNW.