 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York wallflowers, heroes from the Godzilla movie soundtrack. Good afternoon, it's Opie and Anthony. Good afternoon. So far I guess we're doing a good job because we're back for another week here at NEW. They invited us back. I like it. Actually I was reading some email and feedback about our first two shows last week and so far the people have been very kind toward us. That's good. But the one thing they talked about over and over again in the email. What? They wanted to know how your trip from Boston to New York with the four cats was this weekend. That's all they get. I mean we were trying to do some brilliant comedy breaks last week and all they care about is Anthony and his four cats. It was a living hell. I got to say I had to take our four cats down from Massachusetts out to Long Island and ugh. First of all they start drooling and meowing like something out of an old episode of Wild Kingdom. I finally got them in but they just were loud the whole trip. It was very annoying. I set them up in an alien room to them. You know how cats are. You put them in a new room and they've got to just scope everything out. That's after they hide for about two days. Yeah and then they finally come out an inch around the room slowly but surely to check out their new surroundings. more annoying surprisingly enough than the cats, the trip, everything is the new litter box. What's up with the new litter box? See because my wife is coming down next week or later this week I didn't want to scoop litter boxes. That was her job. I don't blame you. Yeah I didn't want to do this. I'm like you want the cats? Fine. Yeah. Have as many as you damn well please. But you know something? I'm not touching that scooper. So she gets one of those electronic litter boxes. I've seen those on TV. Yes it's easy. Just plug it in. It does all the work. It rakes the litter and puts the waste in a little receptacle that you remove later and throw away. You never even have to touch the litter. It's like you don't even have cats anymore. It's amazing. I get this thing. I'm in a room now for two days. Little room at a friend's house. This thing is right next to my bed. Okay. So it's like three in the morning I guess when one of them decides they're going to come out and do some business now. They're relaxed enough where they're going to go. Here it goes. I swear I might as well have been sleeping on the tarmac at LaGuardia. This thing revs up. It does it back up like a construction truck. The loudest thing you'll ever want to hear in your life. I was starting to fear that I'd wake up and go to empty the receptacle and my cat would be in there squished like a trash compactor. You can only dream. If you're going to get one of those I've got to say that in the past 24 hour period it works pretty good. It hasn't tripped up yet but you just better lock this thing under a pile of mattresses or something because it is loud. Or get those special headphones they got at LaGuardia when they're landing planes. You can sleep with those on. I could guide the cats into the box with those colored flashlights. Why not? Loud as hell. That was my week. All right. Very good. Well as you could tell by looking at me I forgot to bring the spackle to the beach this weekend. SPF spackle. SPF spackle. With hat. I figured it's only in the 70s. How can I possibly get burned at the beach? That sun. Now I fit in my old neighborhood. Which is another story entirely. But all right here we are. We're ready to rock. Lots to do today. Yes they're in. And if you want in on the program, got something to talk about give us a call 212-757-1027. FaxLine is working. 212-957-WNEW. 1027-WNEW where rock lives the who? You better you bet. And Pete Townsend one of the bands playing a day in the Garden Festival. At Yazger's Farm. At Yazger's Farm. I don't know more details on that but I do know he's going to be playing over two hours and he's going to play a lot of who stuff so that's very very cool. Think he'll windmill? I don't think. The last time I saw him I don't think he was going to windmill. No his windmillin days are pretty much behind him at this point but he's still very very cool yes. Yeah. It's Opie and Anthony and Anthony I must say. You looked great yesterday. I was driving down from Massachusetts yesterday. Oh that wasn't you in the parade? Shut up. Why? I thought you were leading the band with your nice little tights and stuff. That was me. The jigs up you got me. That was you right? That was me. You were cool down Fifth Avenue yesterday? That's it. What a jackass. That wasn't you huh? No. I missed the parade this year yeah. Oh alright I'm confused I'm sorry. And I missed you yeah. You know this city has a parade for everyone. But what I don't understand is why can't we have like a straight pride parade? Heterosexual pride parade? Or like why can't we have a parade for guys who like lesbians tolling down Fifth Avenue? That would be good. I'm serious though. Why stop there? Gay pride parade? Let's have parades for everything. Guys who love lesbians. Giuliani marched. Yes he did. In the parade. There were what 20 protestors chained together. I love when they do that. That's some entertaining footage on the news. I don't get it though because like Giuliani has done a lot for gays in New York. You know there's some landmark legislation going down with insurance between couples, gay couples. Yeah people just aren't satisfied sometimes. They walk out in front of them and we're giving them hell. Well there are therapy. I thought maybe Rudy's secret hair would flip up and a torpedo launcher would come out. His hair was looking stylish yesterday. Mayor Potato Head. Exactly. What I'm finding moving back to the New York area, people either love or hate the mayor. Right. Simple as that. They either love him for the changes he's made or hate him. I think he's doing a great job. I personally love the mayor of New York. His tactics are a little rough sometimes because it's not a lot of coddling going on with the mayor. He gets an idea and he goes through with it and does it and ticks a lot of people off. I just don't like walking around like cattle in the streets of Manhattan when they put those barriers up though. Yeah. That's a good one. That's not fun. So I'm going to put up some barriers and you'll all walk like cattle going to the butcher. He puts that up and it's hard to use the leftover Peatland tokens I got last time I was in New York. Those are leaving by the day. Yeah. You can't tune in Tokyo anymore. I mean someone out there got that one. He's cracking down on a lot of the... And that's one issue that the gays had too. A few of the gays that were protesting that he's closing down a lot of the adult shops. But then on the other hand, gays don't want to be portrayed as these perverted people that are always going to sex shops. But then they were ticked off that he's closing down the sex shop. Go figure it out. Go figure it out. Alright studio line 212-757-1027. Facts is coming in next. Alright 7 of facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. We want to read some facts. Oh yeah, coming back into the city on the train. Just drunk slobs still in their wet bathing suits. Sand down their pants. Yeah, they wanted to get that last Budweiser in before they caught the train so they're just all soaking wet. One guy had a beet red face with the raccoon eyes, forgot to take his sunglasses off all weekend. And so the guy that was drooling on my left shoulder the whole time back to the city, thank you. That's exactly what I want on a Sunday night. Thank you, appreciate that. I like the people that are a little too pale. lay down on one side too long and then they got to go home and you just see that red line down the middle of their leg. What a trip coming back into the city. Oh, I thought about you last night. Eww. No, easy. Easy. I was hanging out watching TV and flipping around and on Nickelodeon they had the Brady Bunch on. Yeah. They had your favorite episode, Anthony. And that was the Hawaiian episode. The Hawaiian episode of Brady Bunch was on last night. I thought it was one of Marcia's better performances out of all the Brady Bunch episodes. She got to show some skin which was good as a growing up. As a boy it was always good when Marcia was in a bikini. And it was one of the older episodes so she was older in it. Yeah, that is one of my faves. Wasn't Marcia the first girl that got you down below? That's true. As a young boy I was... I might have to break something out of the archives so New York gets to know Anthony just a little better. Why? Your Marcia Brady song. Maybe we'll do that a little later today. That's one of my favorite girls of all times. I think along with a lot of guys was Marcia Brady. I don't know. Mine was like Jeannie. Jeannie was a woman. Yeah. You didn't want to... When you were a child... I'm not like you. You're a pedophile. I was looking at women. No, I'm sorry. I didn't have a mommy complex. I wasn't looking at older women in that way. When I was younger, when I was that age, and I think when the Brady Bunch was on I was probably the same age I think maybe Peter was. No, no, no. You were like the older sister. You met Groucho. So when the Brady Bunch was on you had to be at least 30. And you were looking at Marcia who was like a 10 year old girl. I met Groucho right before he died in 1976 and I think I was 11 or something. You were already old and you were getting into Marcia and her little buds. You're a sick man. You're not going to get to me like this. Then a bunch of guys are sick men because I think a lot of guys thought Marcia was like the ideal girl back then. I was watching the Brady Bunch when they had the film festival, the Brady Bunch festival on Nickelodeon. I noticed a few things about the music. There was one song for every episode and it was the Brady Bunch song. But they just changed it depending on the mood. They had the serious talk. Greg was smoking cigarettes. Do do do do. Happy one. They're doing the driving test. Who's going to win? Marcia or Greg? It was the same song. Happy occasion, sad occasion. I can't find Kitty Cario. Very nice. But I was thinking about you last night because they had the two part episode when Greg was surfing in the Hawaiian episode. Yeah, oh, Cliffhanger. It was the best cliffhanger in TV history. Scrooge who shot JR. When Greg hit the water and he hit that mound of seaweed, you weren't sure if it was seaweed or a rock. It was volcanic rock and he chewed it apart, I'm sure. The only reason it happened was because he had a damn tiki around his neck that Bobby found on the beach that gave him bad luck. Exactly. We know a little too much about the Brady Bunch. Let me just say that. I'm a little embarrassed here. It was a cliffhanger because you held your breath for a week because Greg hits the surf and then the next week you find out, oh, he's fine. They made you wait for nothing. I'm pissed. Did you see the Robert Reed float in the gay parade? No, I did not see that. I heard about it. But I think I'm going to break out the Marcia Brady song later. You do that. To show people how sick you actually are. Sick? I was romantically involved. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. It's a clash. I like that song. It's Opient Anthony. Thanks for checking us out for day three of the Opient Anthony experiment in New York. Actually, you guys have been great so far. Keep the faxes coming and the phone calls. We appreciate it. We're going to try to turn this into the People's Radio show where you can call up and get on the radio. When things are going on and you've got a gripe about something, call up. Let people in on it. Maybe there are other people out there with the same gripe. Or maybe not. Or maybe not. Or maybe you're just a jerk. You know, who knows? Or maybe we're just the juries. Yeah, you never know. Time will tell, right? Hey, did anyone else feel much safer waking up this morning? You read the papers, yeah. There it was. In big, huge letters on the front page of the Daily News. Crime falls again in New York City. I don't know about that. Murder plunges 23 percent unless you're a squeegee man. But this comes out today. And yesterday we had that wacko on 56. With an automatic pistol. See the guy on the news? Wow. He claims he was shooting at some guy he was mad at but he hits a Florida Taurus in the leg. Guy from Florida, yeah. Take that home to Florida. How was your trip to New York? Great. Got some lead in my leg. Getting on the plane by the metal detective. Whee! Whee! Sir? Empty out all the metal? I can't. It's stuck in my leg. I just picked this one up. What they're saying about this guy that opened fire on the streets. I love this. In the news it says, former mental patient. I read that too. Open fires on 56 streets. Former mental patient. I'd say he's still pretty mental. Yes. Especially from the clips I saw on the news last night. He was babbling. He was like, the cops have thrown him in the vehicle and they had that on the news. He was babbling. I think I heard him say, Opium Anthony, Opium Anthony. I think he's so pissed off at our show that he just went on the street with a gun. He was looking for us. Yeah. But yeah, crime is down. You could go over all the numbers and everything. That's pretty boring. Unless of course you have a popular radio guy do it. Oh, let's hear that. I got him. Hold on. Okay. Hey, my turn guys? Yeah, Casey, come on over to the microphones here. Hi, I'm Casey Kasem and this is New York City's crime statistics countdown. Oh my God. This is Casey Kasem. Thank you, Casey. Yeah, do you have any long distance dedications, Casey? Or no? Okay. Oh, he's leaving us. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. So, what's the number? I'm Casey Kasem. Okay. Oh, he's leaving us. Bye, Casey. All right. Hey, give us a call, will you? It's 212-757-1027. Fax line is 212-957-WNEW. Kenny Wayne Shepard, Blue on Black on 1027-WNEW, the rock of New York. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony. Hey. Third day in. So far, it's going pretty well. Yeah. Getting lots of faxes and phone calls. Do you want to take a phone call, actually? Sure. Want to get a hold of us? 212-757-1027. Hi, NEW. Who am I talking to? Opie and Anthony. I think that NEW has finally done it. What? It's finally pushed me to the point where I can't listen to our radio station anymore. How long have you been listening to NEW? 35, 40, 35 years since Alison Steele was around. Wow. Wow, that's a long time. And you don't want anything changing on NEW at all. I want things to change. The way you guys get around, I feel like I'm listening to one of these kids' stations. Kids? How old are you, sir? 45. And you're already over the hill at 45. I'm not over the hill. You sound like you're saying you're 45. I'm not over the hill. You're saying you're 45. I'm not over the hill. You might as well be 65. You might as well pull your pants up to your nipples at this point. Maybe I should be 65. Get around on one of those little rascal scooters. Yeah. You might as well get those wraparound sunglasses for those sunny days that look like the Terminator. Like the old people do. Wear your shorts and your big white tube socks all the way up to your knees. Right. Well, this is exactly why. Just because you're a free man, you're not going to be able to do that. Exactly why at 2 o'clock my radio will now go to FUV. Oh, well. That sucks for you because we did make you laugh in there, sir. I heard you chuckle. But that's not the point of the station. I think the color strip is changing blue on your depend undergarments. It might be time to. Right. That's the type of humor that you guys have, so that's why we'll go to another station. You're a young guy. Thank you. You're a young guy, but you act like my dad. Unbelievable. We're making friends every day here at N.E.W. Wow. 45 is young, man. When I don't understand, in that phone call he definitely laughed. We made him laugh. But for some reason, I guess if you listen to N.E.W., you're not supposed to laugh. No. It's just supposed to be music, music, music. Right? Is that what he was trying to get at? I think that was what he was getting at. Oh, all right. All right. Great. We'll take some more phone calls in a bit. Stay there. 27W N.E.W., the Rock of New York. That's fastball and the way off the all the pain money can buy CD. It's Hope and Anthony. Hey. Want to take another phone call here? We're starting to get brave. It's our third day on the air in New York. We're finally going to the phone line to see what the people are saying about us. Yeah. Just about things. And things in general, yes. People have things to talk about. You could call up and talk about them. Now the last guy was brutal. Yeah. He didn't like us at all. No, no. He's been listening to N.E.W. for 35 years, even though the station's been around 30. He was 45. And he was 45 years old. And he doesn't want to laugh. We made him laugh, but he doesn't want to laugh. Yeah. Because I don't listen to N.E.W. to laugh, even though we made him laugh. I don't. I didn't understand that. If I could get a good laugh in, I'll take it from wherever I can. Right? True. I don't wait to turn on Comedy Central or something to laugh. Wasn't his cup of tea. Not at all. So let's see what the next person thinks. Hi, N.E.W. I tell you what. You guys make me laugh. I got that butt plug skit on Thursday and I caught the laugh at the last end of that Ronald Reagan deal. I tell you, I never laugh so hard. I don't know what that last guy was saying, but I think it's good that you guys are in town making somebody laugh. Well, we're at least going to try to make people laugh a little bit. You're going to do any more of those skits? Because they are funny, man. Well, we could finally get to the Marsha Brady thing. What Marsha Brady thing? We were talking about earlier, Anthony, you're going to be the last person to laugh. I was in love with Marsha earlier. Who was it? I know. Everyone was. Wait a minute. With all the people you could choose on TV, you were into Marsha too? Ginger. Yeah, Ginger, of course. Ginger. Either Ginger or Jeannie, but Anthony likes the prepubescent chick. She wasn't prepubescent in the Hawaiian episode. She didn't have breasts yet. She had little nubs. No, she didn't. She was growing into a fine woman and I was but a child myself. I wasn't after women. I didn't have this mother complex. I think she was more of my age, man. She was all right. You think so? Yeah, I think so. Hell yeah. Hey, keep rocking. Good job, guys. Thank you. Well, this discussion started because the Hawaiian episode was on last night on Nickelodeon. And I just thought Marsha looked great in the hula skirt and all that. That was the peak of her beauty. Her hotness? Her hotness was that Hawaiian episode. Yeah, she was great. The peak of her beauty before she actually reached maturity. Stop it. Stop it. Well, Anthony has such a fetish on Marsha that he wrote a little song. Me and my band, Rodgut. All I hear all day long is, Come on. Marsha, Marsha, Marsha. Oh, she's here. Newport Junior High, her sparkling blue eyes, A smile any wanna die for. Well, I almost shot my load in the Hawaiian episode, But mommy started knocking on my door. She's sweeter than a peach in her bikini on the beach, The other girls couldn't compare. Yeah, and what a piece of ass when she took that hula clasp. Her skirt's so short I think I saw her hair. And all the things she does to me, You're in her virginity. Ay, ay, ay, got my very first woman watching Marsha breathe On a black and white TV. Marsha, Marsha, Marsha. Ay, ay, ay, got my very first woman watching Marsha breathe On a black and white TV. Marsha, Marsha, Marsha. Ay, ay, ay, got my very first woman watching Marsha breathe On a black and white TV. Marsha, Marsha, Marsha. 1027 WNEW, where Rock lives. John Millencamp in Smalltown. small town. Hello, it's Sophie and Anthony for the ride home. Hope you're hanging in there for Monday, right? Yeah. It seems like a lot of people have taken this week off because the big holiday is just about upon us. It's a good time to take vacation. It seems like a lot of people do because the kids are out of school. You know, you've got the long weekend to begin with. Might as well make it a week, right? Yeah. And I think we're shocking the people today, Anthony, because the phones have gone completely dead. What happened? I don't know. Maybe the phone system isn't on or I don't think so. I think it's working. You think it's working? Yeah. And they just don't want to call anymore? No, I think they're in a coma. They're in shock. It's like what is going on at N.E.W.? Well, if you want to give us a call, 212-757-1027. Fax line is 212-957-W.N.E.W. I was reading the paper. Now, what is going on with Clinton with his trip to China? A lot of controversy going on. Well, he spoke at Beijing University. Of course, the students at Beijing University led that Tiananmen Square protest in 89. I'll never forget the guy in front of the tank. Yeah. I'm sure China didn't forget him either. Probably in some deep dank cell somewhere. Yeah. Has anyone ever seen him since then? Has he done an interview since? I don't think so. I think he's just that anonymous guy, but they probably know who he is. Okay. I think they dealt with him like they're dealing with some other dissidents. It's funny. Clinton visits a city and they just clean up the dissidents, throw them away, put them in a cell somewhere. I don't want anybody speaking up in front of a camera. God forbid. Everyone forgets they are still the commies. The commie bastard. The commies. We forgot about the commies when Russia stopped being commie. Did you see that reflective photo of President Clinton on the wall of China? Oh, please. The Great Wall of China. He's there leaning against the wall while his wife and daughter are in the background and he's reflecting. Yeah. You know they set those shots up. Every picture of him is staged. Anyway, the students reacting to his speech said that it was a little awkward through the interpreter. They said the interpreter muffed a few words. Well, we've got to let the... If you weren't listening last week, me and Anthony found out that President Clinton's interpreter over there in China, Yeah. My dung. My dung. My dung. My dung. My dung. My dung. My dung. That's his name. Okay. That's President Clinton's interpreter. Yeah. And this guy is screwing up everything for him? Well, obviously he screwed a few words up. Uh-huh. I don't know. It seems to have been a problem. So some of these things are coming out a little awkwardly. Yeah. That's what they're saying. Well, through the magic of radio, I think we got the President on the air. Again? Yeah. Wow. We must be important. We must be. We've had two calls from the President. We've only been on the air three days. Let's ask him about his interpreter. My dung. Or is it my dung? My dung. President Clinton. Hi, boys. How you doing? Pretty good. How's your trip? Okay. But my interpreter got me in a little bit of trouble yesterday. Yeah. That's why we're calling. We read it in the paper. Yeah. My dung was out all night and I don't think it was up for the job yesterday. Oh, no. What happened? Well, at one point I wanted to tell the Chinese people, you are a noble people steeped in tradition. Well, how did it come out then? You can all sit on an egg roll sideways. Oh, that's not good. Then I went to tell the Chinese President's wife, you are a beautiful woman who stands behind a great leader. Now, that's a great thing to say to her. Yeah. Well, it came out, is that you or did the tuna boats just come in? Oh, my God. I just wanted to grab my dung and shake them. I would too. I think with all the publicity, he's getting a swelled head. Hello. Well, Hillary has been put in charge of watching the masses. She'll make sure my dung doesn't get into anything he's not supposed to. She's good at that, huh, sir? Yes, she is. Well, guys, Chang-Wan Fan-Chu. What does that mean? Peace, health and happiness or f*** you. I'm not sure. President Clinton, everyone. There he goes, the President of the United States of America. Always checking in with us first, of course. Yes, of course. The news leader, Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW where Rock lives, Queen and Fat Bottom Girls for your ride home. It's Opie and Anthony. Thanks once again for checking us out today. I was reading the Daily News and they reported that we have started here on NEW. Yeah, I saw that. They call us the zany duo or something? What's the zany duo? I don't know. The writers of New York, they just don't know how to handle us yet, which is fine in time. You'll get it, I guess. I don't think we're zany. No, but because before we went on the air, there was another report in one of the papers that said Opie and Anthony and their brand of brutal humor. Brutal? Brutal humor? What is that? I don't know. That's like an oxymoron, right? I think so. How could humor be brutal? Humor. Hey, hey, you hear the one about the guy that walked into a bar? Oh, stop. Exactly. As you're bludgeoning somebody, you tell them a joke. Yeah, it's pretty entertaining to read about ourselves in the paper because they just haven't figured us out yet. Whack-zay-nor-rific. Yeah, one moment we have brutal humor and then today we're zany and I think someone else also mentioned the word wacky. Whacky. We don't like wacky or zany. Wait, wait, here, we're wacky. Yeah, that's wacky. That is wacky. So, whatever. Well traffic problems are going to be cured, I guess, in the city. Obviously, they're working on it. You're kidding. Columbus Circle. Oh, that area is a nightmare. Which is a mess. Eleven lanes of traffic now run through the Circle. Yes. And they've got to fix this. So, it's got David Billig of the Department of Transportation says they're going to redo the Circle and make it a true traffic circle in New York. They're going to start painting new lines, putting yield signs. Yield signs. Yeah, they work real well. The problem is I don't think a lot of people in New York understand what the right-of-way rules are. Because you've got to know when to go and when to let someone else go. Yeah, is it when you're in the Circle, people coming into the Circle, people leaving the Circle. You know, people don't understand. So, to spell it out, let's see, 22s have to give the right-of-way to 357 magnums. 44s get the right-of-way.