 WNEW where Rocklives Billy Joel of course. Good afternoon, it's Hopi and Anthony. Hey. Saying hi to the six people that like us so far. Yeah, we're up to six. We like that. We gained three listeners yesterday actually. And today we're going for four more so we have a total of ten people out in the New York area that actually like us. The pressure is on. The pressure is on. Oh, we do have to say hi to all the people from Long Island that do remember us from our radio days on the island. Ah, yeah. We got a lot of emails from those folks and we notice. Thank you very much. Right? Back in the ancient days. Yeah, that goes back four or five years ago now. Was that 1948? 49, I remember post-war. So Anthony, you're moved into your apartment. Congratulations. Don't. You're finally settled in the New York area. That's great. What? Yeah. The movers came this morning. As the prom date said, that's a little premature. What happened? I have an apartment and no furniture. Where's your furniture? I don't know. I haven't a clue. The moving company took my furniture. I do believe I saw some of my stuff for sale in the park on a blanket. I'm not sure but I recognize some knickknacks that might have been mine. So yeah, it's at the point now where we have an apartment and a portable TV and cable. You got cable around. You don't have furniture but you got cable. It looks like a dorm room. We've got cinder blocks, the big spool. The big spool is your living room table? The cable spool that says Lilco on the side. And various milk crates that are of course a crime to possess. We have them. Just drive around the neighborhood and you can get a couch. They're all out on the side of the road. I've got an old yield sign if you need some decorations for your living room. I think I've got a Budweiser bar lamp. A light that went over a pool table. That's what I need over the dining room table. I've got my old orange Shag rug from the college days if you want to borrow that. A few 2x6s and bricks for shelves. I'm upset because you don't have your stereo yet. I knew you were in trouble. Me and Anthony had to go to LaGuardia Airport last night. What a nightmare. Four hour delays. We had to dodge all the lightning bolts that were coming down in Queens last night. That was amazing. Wow! Amazing. Absolutely amazing the stuff that was flying through the air last night. But there was a delay so Anthony decided to call his old apartment to make sure the movers got everything and he got his answering machine. I got my answering machine which means they didn't take my phone. An answering machine. Right. And this was at 9 o'clock. And they were supposed to be out of there by then with all this stuff. Long gone. You're going to be in a great mood today. I'm in a fine mood. I don't care. Alright. I'm one of those people I don't care. Cool. Well the phones are ringing off the hook. More hate calls. Cool. We'll get to that next. If you want to send a fax 212-957-WNEW and we're coming back with Third Eye Blind. Stay there. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York Pearl Jam from the Yield CD and Wishlist. Good afternoon it's Opie and Anthony on your radio for day what? What are we up to? Four days? Five days? Yeah something like that. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad at all. And what's going on in the city today? Are the cabbies striking now today? Well Opie yeah it looks like the city's in big trouble again. After yesterday I don't think anyone's going to top that demonstration yesterday. Yesterday we had 40,000 protestant construction workers on Madison Avenue clashing with the police. Yeah. Made all the big news stories. Today cabbies numbering in the tens. In the tens? Alright. In front of the city hall. They're in front of city hall right now and there's ten guys? There's not as many let's say as 40,000 construction workers. I think they had to dispatch a couple of security guards to get the raucous cabbies under control. So they're not organized I guess? No for some reason I just think it comes down to money. I think a cabbie would rather be in his cab making money than protest. I think it's a language problem. They all speak different languages that they can't really get together and figure out where they're supposed to be for the demonstration. That's a pretty good concept. I didn't even think of that. There probably is this language barrier that keeps them from uniting. Yes I think that's what it's all about actually. Although there was a language barrier last night I was watching on the news between some of these construction workers. I think it was drunk and sober. Did you read the daily news about the riot yesterday that even a horse got punched? Yeah. That's a nasty demonstration when horses start getting punched. It's like the scene from Blazing Saddle. Yeah exactly. The whole thing punches the horse. Right. I noticed one thing. I think to be one of these construction workers I think I got the pose. What you've got to do is put both hands up in the air, clench your fists and go ahhhh. And just yell. Every picture of them, look at this, has got their mouths open and both arms up. Sometimes both arms, fists and one finger is up. My favorite was the guy with the Jets jersey on ripping down the American flag. I think he was like the hero yesterday. But you know something we should touch on today. That riot was going on, 40,000 construction workers. Did you hear what the women were doing during this riot yesterday in midtown? The women in all the office buildings around the riot site, they were well protected. They're like 10, 12 stories up. They were all just gazing at the construction workers and falling in love. Look at the abs on him. It's like that old Pepsi commercial where the girls are checking out the construction workers. They were doing it for sure yesterday in midtown. Matter of fact if you were one of those ladies checking out the scene yesterday we would love to talk to you today. I want to see how much work you actually got done. Right? Yeah. Alright. You can give us a call. On the way we got some great rock and roll of course. Want to do some Everclear next? Yeah. Let's do that. I got to interrupt the program for one second here. Anthony, I know we have a lot of people listening. Yeah. But how many people actually like our show so far? Alright, total right now is up to six. We have six people that like us out in the New York area. Total is six. I think we might have two more. Let's go to the phones. Hi, N.E.W. You can add the total to six, make it eight. 1027 W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. We have two people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. We have a couple of people that like us out in the New York area. The fine city of Boston. At least this mayor in this city works. He's doing something. He's always out and about. I'm looking at page 18 of the New York Daily News. There's a picture of Mayor Giuliani. He's got his big beluga whale forehead picture in the paper. If you look at his forehead, it looks like one of those, like a honeydew melon. With a little tarantula on it. That's how I describe him. It's pretty accurate actually. He wants stiffer penalties for people caught selling cigarettes to minors. Yeah, I guess the Daily News did an expose. Because of that Mayor Giuliani is going to make it tougher on the people that sell to minors. Are we ever going to get rid of underage smoking though in this country? Seriously, isn't it kind of like a rite of passage? It is. You have to go through it I think. Didn't we all at least try some cigarettes when we were younger and most of us grew out of it? Yeah, you've got to realize it's pretty bad for you and then just stop. I think nowadays it's really hard to continue your cigarette habit. Unless you enjoy going out in the cold with your buddies and it's 10 degrees out. Exiled. It's not bad in the summer months. But in the winter when you're walking into the building and you just see the huddled mass of smokers outside the building. Freezing as they take care of their habits. It's like, hey, I think your cigarette's been out for about 10 minutes now. It's just the steam coming out. So anyways, he's getting on that campaign. And in the paper like Anthony was getting to here, they had a bunch of kids in the New York area rate the cigarette, the anti-cigarette commercials that are on TV. And most of these commercials are pretty lame. I wouldn't stop smoking if I saw these commercials. Except for number one. And it's the lady with the hole in her neck and the voice box. Debbie? Debbie, yes. Her name is Debbie. What you see, the commercial opens with a close up of Debbie, a woman with a hole in her throat who says she had her first cigarette at 13. When I was 13 years old, I started smoking. She tried to quit but couldn't. It's because nicotine isn't addictive. That's what she said or thought when she was 13? That's right. She says that she takes a long drag on a cigarette that she places up to the hole in her throat. How can they say nicotine isn't addictive? Uh... Alright, buy me a pack of cigarettes, kid. When I see somebody using a voice box, that scares me to stop smoking without a doubt. That's enough to make you just stop. We had a relative when I was growing up. I think he was related to the family. I'm not really sure because no one would talk to the guy. We were all scared S-less. The guy would come over for Christmas when we got all the relatives together. And he had the voice box, he had the hole in the neck, and he continued smoking the cigarettes through the hole in his neck. And he was exiled to another room because he would scare the kids. Come here and give Uncle Mike a kiss. Come here and give Uncle Mike a kiss. One hole you want me to kiss. And then we would sit around and start singing Christmas carols and stuff. And the guy would join in with his voice box because he was just trying to fit in with what was going on. I'm cashing during the snow. Minoanar's up. That's horrible. It is horrible. That should make you stop right there. I think so. But I don't know. I wish the mayor luck on this campaign. Kids have to smoke because they think it looks cool. That's the bottom line. But when you get older, you've got to realize it's bad for you and put the things down. I used to smoke. Anthony used to smoke two, three packs a day, right? Not that much. You smoked a lot. About two packs a day. Two packs a day. And you know what happened? I woke up one morning and said, you know something? This is pretty bad for you. I have a career that my voice is pretty important. And I should pretty much give up smoking. So you know what I did? I threw the cigarettes away and didn't smoke anymore. You have to say to yourself, I'm not going to pick up a cigarette. You consciously pick up a cigarette, put it in your mouth and light it. Don't you? You do that. You have to. You know you're doing it. It's not like you all of a sudden go, oh, I'm half done with a cigarette. Wow, how did that get in my mouth and lit and popped halfway down? So if you just don't put it in your mouth and don't light it, you won't be smoking. Don't give me any addiction stuff. Put a needle in your arm. Put some heroin in you for a week. That's an addiction. I don't know. Then you'll start like when you're physically on the floor in the fetal position. Then you might understand addiction. But cigarettes, come on. So don't pick them up and you won't be smoking. It was that easy to quit, Anthony. That's it? You've got to have a little willpower. You're lucky though. How long haven't you smoked for now? Over a year. I think five hours. One, oh, two, seven, W-N-E-W, where rock lives. With Joe Walsh. Just a reminder, don't forget, beginning tomorrow and all weekend long, we've got your tickets for the Brian Setzer Orchestra at the Hammerstein Ballroom on July 16th, plus a copy of his latest CD, The Dirty Boogie, all this weekend rock and swing with 1027 W-N-E-W. Sophie and Anthony, we've got a bunch of people on hold complaining about you and your record. We've got a bunch of people on hold complaining about you and your record. I don't understand it. We're just talking about a story in the paper today, Rudy Giuliani, trying to crack down on people selling tobacco products to kids around the city, and a couple of little stories about commercials that are very effective at keeping kids from smoking. One of them is Debbie, commercial featuring Debbie, who had her voice box taken out. Now, she's got a voice box, and she's got a voice box, and she's got a voice box, and she's got a voice box, and she's got a voice box, and she's got a voice box, And now Debbie, who had her voice box taken out, now has a hole in her throat and still smokes through the hole in her throat and she's talking to the kids like... And the kids have decided that's the most effective, anti-smoking commercial that's on TV right now. Cause it's frightening. and it's scaring the kids from, you know, from smoking. Keep them from smoking. Exactly. Keep me from smoking. Well, this guy has a problem with you. Hi, N.E.W. I've been listening to the station for a number of years, hearing what you guys have just done in regards to the laryngectomies, but I think you guys made a total mockery out of them. A mockery? Don't you understand that we were just conveying how awful it is to smoke and have to go through something like that? Yeah, I agree with that. And we said if the kids see those commercials where, yeah, someone's using a voice box and has a hole in their neck, that will make me stop smoking. Hearing the way how you guys were playing around with the idea of the voice box. Why, you want to sugarcoat it? It's an awful thing. It's horrible. I know exactly what it is. I've seen people with that. I've worked with people. So have I, and it's horrendous. It is. I don't question that at all, but the way how it was coming off on this end and the here listening to this, we basically feel that it's being used as a mockery more than anything else. Why would you say that? Come on. Yeah, how to do that? That was not a mockery. The guy wasn't going to agree with us anyway, right? I don't think so. Hey, we got new technology for our show, by the way. I don't know if we should tell the people about this now because we're going to get hate responses, but that's okay. If you go to the WNEW website and you click on our section, which is our baby pictures because we're too scared to show anyone what we really look like, I guess there's a section where you could click on it and you could pop a message right into the studio and we could read it instantly, right? Instant feedback. Bam, right there. Instant feedback, which is scary, but we'll deal with it. It's only going to happen between the hours of three of seven during our show, right? Technology, science. And then they shut it down at seven until the next day. But if you want to get an instant message to us. 1027 WNEW, where reclives black crows and hard to handle from Shake Your Money Maker. I do believe we're going to get the black crows in here eventually. That'd be cool. Maybe if we could talk them into it, they'll play live for us too. That'd be fun. We got plenty of room. Just like Grant Lee Buffalo did on Mr. Herman's show last week. That was really, really cool actually. It's Opie and Anthony. One of my favorite sections in the New York papers is the voice of the people section in the daily news. Sometimes it gets you though. Hey, it reads a letter from somebody and just like, oh, shut up. Well, it is America though. It's so off base. Well this one's pretty good. Carolyn from Brooklyn writes about the mayor. And the title is Godfather. Godfather? Godfather. Like a mobster wannabe, Mayor Giuliani has a vendetta against anyone who crosses him or whom he just doesn't want around like street vendors, taxi drivers, pedestrians, Cooney students, sidewalk artists, subway riders who take up the two seats or hold the doors, tenants in rent stabilized apartments, anyone who dances at a bar and the Grammys. Here are a few suggestions for Rudy to further improve the quality of life in our fine city. How about running those Mr. Softy trucks out of town? That repetitive nursery rhyme must be breaking some noise codes. Those Salvation Army Santas, aren't they just panhandlers in red suits? And can he force parents to ship off to camp all those kids running around making noise and having fun all summer long? Carolyn. Wow, giving them a hell. And also in the voice of the people. Now that one was at least about something that people care about, the mayor. A lot of people hate the mayor, a lot of people like him. There's no real middle ground here in the city. George from Oakdale, Long Island. This is in the same Voices of the People section. Pat Sajak on Wheel of Fortune should be more considerate of Vanna White. Very important subject here. When they first walk out on stage, he dismisses her like she's extra baggage and he's anxious to get in the spotlight. Pat, try this. Ladies and gentlemen, my co-host Vanna White. And then let her go to the board to the sound of applause. No offense, but Vanna White, she makes millions of dollars to, she doesn't even turn the letters anymore. She just touches it and it lights up. Because you know why they started that. She screwed up a couple times. So the makers of the show, Merv Griffin and them, they decided to make her job even easier where all the letter lights up and she just touches it and then it shows you the letter. In the old days she had to spin the letter and she was spinning the wrong ones around. I think the more important thing here is Vanna White should get his name and get a restraining order. If that doesn't sound like a stalker, who cares about Vanna White? 1027WNEW, Where Rock Lives, The Rolling Stones, Sympathy for the Devil. That's my favorite Stone song, in case you care. I know you don't. I don't know why I said that, but there you go. So, I'm being Anthony for the Ride Home. Thank you for checking us out. We are up to 10 people that actually enjoy the show and we want to acknowledge those 10 people out there in Radio Land. Thank you very much. That's 10 more than we had on the first day. Yes, we're gaining listeners every two or three days. That's good. Yeah. some type of following. I don't know why, but we'll get there eventually. Yeah. Okay. Also, if you're a long time smoker and you've been trying to quit for years and years and years and years and you just have pretty much given up hope, give us a call. I think we could make you stop smoking. Yeah. Right? We'll get you to stop. Yeah, Anthony's got a sure fire way to get you to stop. I'm serious. So, the phone line is 212-757-1027. Also, Anthony, it's going to be a big weekend for you. Fourth of July weekend. Fourth of July weekend. Plus, I know that you're a huge Star Trek fan. Yes. Huge. Probably one of the biggest Star Trek fans, right? The original Star Trek. Not the new stuff, right? Well, yeah. I just don't get a chance to watch the new stuff. But yeah, the original is just kicking the pants. It's pretty fun. Well, Channel 11 is going to have a Star Trek marathon this weekend. I heard about that. Where's that? The cool thing about this, they allowed the fans to pick the top 25 episodes of all time. They got their website, www.wb11.com. And the countdown is going to start on Friday at 9 a.m. and go pretty much all weekend long. See if I agree with this. Well, what was your favorite Star Trek episode? A couple of them. Balance of Terror was a good one. The Romulans. Right. The cloaking device. Right. And The Doomsday Machine was good. The planet crunching device. Did you like Spock's Brain? No, Spock's Brain was horrible. Well that made the top 10. Now see, now that shouldn't be in there. I'm looking at the list. Where is Gamesters or Triskelion? Now that had a big blonde bombshell in a loincloth fighting Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk, all man in that episode too. At one point he belts her right in the mouth. It was for our own good because he had to get away. Right. And she was bringing him food or something to sell and he kind of like laid into her and then like grabbed her head and gently put her down. I know you're a beautiful woman but I have to save my chip and groove. So what did you like about Spock's Brain then? Spock's Brain was horrible. Why? They didn't have phasers. Right. I want phasers. I want phasers. Okay. Yeah. A good episode like Gamesters or Triskelion you had Kirk with a big blade and he's going at the girl with the, trying to slice. Right. You got the music. Right. That's great stuff. Spock's Brain. Right. They go around with this robot remote control like Spock looking for his brain. Right. It was terrible. Did you like Space Speed? Which one? Space Speed with... Space Speed, oh yeah. With Ricardo Montalban. Right. That was good. And the movie after, Wrap the Con. Great. There you go. Great movie. What was the episode of Star Trek where the evil twin or whatever. Mirror Mirror. Mirror Mirror. Yeah. Where they beamed back up to the ship and they were the evil selves. Right. Yeah. Horrible. That was something they did in sitcoms in the early days like in the 60s and 70s especially. Whenever a character had an evil twin, it was an easy makeup job. They gave the character a goatee and a beret and now he's an evil guy. Remember Gilligan's Island, the evil Gilligan? Yeah. What Gilligan had? He looked like a painter. He had the goatee and the beret on and now he was the evil Gilligan. I remember an evil Darren Stevens. With the same thing. He had the goatee. In the 60s, for the evil twin, you needed the goatee. Right. And Spock had the goatee. Right. Unbelievable. That's good. And if you're wondering, the number one episode chosen by the fans was the Trouble with Tribbles. Is there any doubt you think? That was a great episode. That was a good fun episode. Like you know, kind of funny but. Right. I don't think I can crank it. But not enough phasers for you? I like battle episodes. Right. Klingons, Romulans, bring them on because Kirk just fully pumped with testosterone. Fire. Fire. Lock on Vesuluf. Lock on Vesuluf. Lock on Vesuluf. Fire. Take a round. I've got to save my ship. 1027WNAWFM, the Rock of New York. Wallflowers and heroes from the Godzilla movie soundtrack. Yeah. And Sophie and Anthony created a lot of interest about Star Trek this afternoon. Yeah. Star Trek. Yeah. And then the show is going to be starting on Friday morning at 9am. They're going to play the top 25 episodes of all time according to the Star Trek viewers. Yeah. They've had something going on their website where you can vote for your favorite Star Trek episode. Geez. Trekkies on the computer. Wow. Yeah, exactly. Boy, I never thought I'd see that. Right. But a bunch of people calling in and Anthony, they want to hear a little more Captain Kirk. Really? Yeah. They liked your Captain Kirk impression here. I'm a...stounded. The funny thing about Captain Kirk, you know, his acting was absolutely horrible. I don't know how he got that job. Actually, he was. He had to be the worst actor ever. Ever, ever, ever. I can't believe Stalker up then. Smart bones. 1027WNAWFM, the Rock of New York. Kenny Wayne Shepard and Blue on Black. So we're giving you that chance through the NAW website. You can pop a note right into the studio. Let me tell you what we have planned too in the coming months. We were like cutting edge as far as internet goes. We had cameras in our previous studio. So when we do things in here, bam, you saw it on the web. And there was some very interesting stuff going on. Yeah. What we plan on doing here. One step at a time though. Yeah. Maybe someday we'll talk about what Wednesdays mean to you and I. Yeah, that got us in trouble. Yeah, it did. One- All in due time though. Go ahead. I'm reading one letter. Opie, is that your real name? No. If it is, I apologize for the years of abuse you must have taken as a child. Trust me. I didn't make up this name. And it's not a radio name. I got it when I was like 11 or 12. I was the only one in sixth grade that didn't have a nickname. Damn Julie Burson. What'd she do? She decided I needed a nickname. So it was between the kid from Lost in Space- Will Robinson? Will Robinson and like Howdy Doody. Oh dear. Come here young boy. Dear William. Woo! Yeah, I guess Opie was better. Yeah, it was much better. And you know, a lot of people calling in and abusing me and stuff. How's Aunt B-line? Heard it a million times. And Anthony's heard the spaghetti line a million times. How many times do I have to get- It's Wednesday, every Wednesday. Hey Anthony! It's Prince Spaghetti Day! Right? What? I can't hear- Come closer. What? Is it Prince- A little closer. What? Exactly. 1027W, N.E.W. where Rock lives. Spin Doctors and Two Princes. I gotta stop doing something. It's Opie and Anthony by the way. What? I can't talk anymore. What's the problem? I know. I've been drinking some of that too. Oh my God. I think it's fantastic. Love this stuff. Love it, love it, love it, love it, love it. It should be outlawed, this stuff. Mocha espresso. It's like crystal meth. It is. What's going on with that stuff? I'm trying to slow down my brain but it's not happening at all. That's a- See I can't talk. I'm like stuttering. They got- You can get regular espresso here, right? You can get coffee here. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. I can't talk. You can get regular espresso here, right? You can get coffee here and the mocha espresso. Mocha espresso is good, yeah. Right. All right. Let me boot up to calm down here. Relax. Yes, okay. Phone's ringing. Want to take another call here? Sure. Last call of the day? We can do that, right? Mm-hmm. What's the total on people that like us? We started- Really the total. Well, we started the day with six people actually enjoying the Opie and Anthony show thus far. And Anthony, what is the total as it comes to the end of another show here? Opie today, the total, 11. We gained five listeners today? We gained five listeners today that like us. We have plenty of listeners that don't like us. Oh, we're very aware of you guys. Yeah. Don't worry. You don't even have to call anymore. We're very, very aware. Eleven listeners. But we got 11 people that actually enjoy the show. Thank you. Cool. Let's go to the phones.