 This is 1027 WNEW, this is New York. Alright, it's FM Talk at 1027. It's Opie and Anthony and Stephen Lynch in the studio. This music's too loud, sorry about that. Yeah, I've heard from people too, like the music that's playing when we come out of a break. It'll be loud in our phones, so we sound like we're yelling over the music, but it's all equalized going out of the way. So sometimes it sounds like, hey how you doing? It's Opie and Anthony. We're back. Oh my ears are bleeding. Love God! Rick was telling a cute little story while we were in a commercial break. How long have you been married, Rick? I believe you're up to 10 days? T plus 10 days. No. 10 days back from your honeymoon, a day and a half. In an hour it'll be 12 days total. Alright. Alright, okay. So 12 days, a dozen days. Dozen days. Now Rick, you did quite well with the wedding checks, I believe. We did okay, but it wasn't about money. No. Yeah, but let's face it, when you get married you get very excited to open up those envelopes. You do get a little giddy, don't you there, Rick? Just a little bit. That sack is in front of you and you're just kind of opening up envelopes and going, look at this one. Like, I don't even like these people. So you're sitting there and thinking of all the fine things you could buy with the money, right? Yeah, kind of. You're sitting there going, wow, look at all this money I could buy that... Especially in all the work I did the past year, the extra hours I put in. So Rick, how long did it take before you realized you'd have no say in how the money was spent? Well, it hit me about... 12 days. It hit me on the 11th day. 11th day, which was yesterday. About 8 p.m. Some of the money was spent yesterday? Yeah. How much money was spent yesterday? I came home and I found... Wait, wait, wait, no, just how much money did she spend yesterday? She spent... That's all I want to know right now. $600, did you say? $600. $600, okay. Now I'm thinking... I've got some good stuff. That's a major purchase, probably. I'm guessing either major appliance, something like that to make the little woman's life a little easier around the homestead, right? Yeah, kids, hold on to your steering wheel really tight. So what did she spend the money on, Rick? Well, um... We had registered for some things that we never got. Yeah? And... Just get to it, go. She bought pots. Come on! Are you kidding me? No. She bought pots. $600... $600... $100 worth of pots. Pots. Well, I'm thinking you must get a hell of a lot of pots. That's what I said. For $600. You sure she said she spent it on pots and not pot? Yeah, there were no, like, you know, bangs around the house. All right. This is haunted. This is on the marijuana. All right, $600 on pots, yes. So now I'm thinking probably a pot for any occasion. Hundreds of pots could be bought for $600. I am dead. How many pots were purchased for $600? Seven pots. Does George Foreman come to your house too and cook for that price? Actually, we got that. The George Foreman lean, mean, fat-burning grilling machine. And we got it from you and Jen. George... Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. All right, hold on. Pete, what's up? No way. All right, hold on, hold on. I gave you a check, you bastard. I gave you cash, didn't I? I know I did. You didn't get... Get out of here! The day I give you a goddamn grilling machine, put it over my frigging head. We got the George Foreman fat-busting grill from you. No. Look, asswipe, look, there is no way in hell you got the George Foreman grilling fat-burning machine from us. We did. Dude, look, I'm pissed now. I wrote a frigging check for you, man. Cash! I understand that. I got out of the car with no, uh, wrapped gift or anything. Right. It was an envelope with a check in it. You seem to have crossed up some of your labeling on gifts that were given out, unless Opie was playing a joke on me. Got the grilling machine and slapped our name on. Dude, you mean you went 12 days thinking I gave you a goddamn George Foreman grilling machine? Linda, Linda, if you're listening, Rick's wife, if you're listening, there's no way we got you a George Foreman grilling machine. You're joking with me, right? No, I'm not joking, dude. Rick, I swear to you. I swear to Christ to you. Actually, and the funniest part about it, dude, we were psyched. We were like, cool! I don't care how psyched you are. We did not get you a grilling machine. A frigging infomercial product I get our producer for his wedding. Dude, I got you a pretty good check. Find it. You can buy another half a pot with that money. You can get at least another two or three pots. Yeah. I am gonna frigging faint. Are you kidding me? You've been thinking that we got you that? Oh my God, that guy is a frigging infomercial thing. Where's the Dynmaster from Opie and Sandy? Actually, we were expecting the slam, man. Rick, I swear to you, there was no George Foreman grilling machine. Are you sure it wasn't you? Positive. I just swore it was you, man. Positive. Holy mother of pearl. Hey, I am living. Cheryl, what's going on? Hi. I'm thinking that maybe Den gave that as a bridal shower gift. Oh, yeah? Yeah. That could have been it. All right, well, a bridal shower gift, that's fine. But it still came from you. Had your name on it, though. It did not. A bridal shower gift? With the lingerie. Nothing better for George, George, George, George and George and Rick and Linda. Hans showing he cares about our producer Rick. Come on. Uh-uh. Hey, Pete, what's going on? Hey, where's Rick? Is he there? I'm right here. What are you, half a fag or something like that? Everyone's a fag. At least I'm half a fag. What? What do I do now? You sit down when you take a f***, pal. What are you doing giving your wife any money at all? You're crazy. Check your penis at the door, pal. You don't need it anymore. I think he's more pissed than I am. Eric, what's going on? Hey, nigga, man, fess up to the grilling machine, man. It's okay. Get him something else. Apologize. That's what I'm doing. Come on, buddy. That wasn't his wedding gift. He's your great brother. I was going to say that's a great gift in the black community at a wedding, right? Absolutely, man. I got no... But I got married. I could cook up my crack in that. I got like 50 sets of towels, man. So, like, I've been doing that for a while. I got like 50 sets of towels, man. So, like, I've been married now 12 years. I've still got towels. I haven't even f***ing used yet. All right, Eric, very good. All right, watch the difference between guys and girls. Let me put a lady on the phone here. Michelle, what's going on? Oh, I knew you were coming for me when I heard that. What's up, Michelle? That's reasonable. It's a good set of pants. $600 is a reasonable price for a seven-pot? Think about it. If you're going to buy a set now for $150, I'm going to buy a set now for $150. I'm going to buy a set now for $150. I'm going to buy a set now for $150. I'm going to buy a set now for $150. That's reasonable. It's a good set of pants. $600 is a reasonable price for a seven-pot? Think about it. If you're going to buy a set now for $150 or whatever, and then three years from now, buy another set, three years from now, buy another set. See the logic of the lady? This was the logic I got last night. Of course. This will last 10 to 15 years. 12 years. What kind of pots are they? I don't know. They're pots. My mother has pots in her house that I swear I'm going to get out of it. You know what I mean? I swear I remember her cooking me soupy when I was sick when I was a kid. Same pots. They probably cost like $10. Pots. $600 on seven pots. Phil, what's up? This might not be a bad thing for Rick. The key question is, Rick, if you came home with, say, a $600 stereo receiver, would you get the hell beat out of you, or would that be cool? Because if it works both ways, you're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. You're going to get a $600 stereo receiver. And you don't have a peep to say about it. And if you did the same thing, your host, it's, you know, just turn over everything. Thank you, Phil. Well, see, here's what led to the $600 pot story. Here we go. Okay? We're flying back from Aruba, and she said, you know, one of the things I wanted us to get that we didn't get for the wedding were these sets of pots that I registered. Planting the seed on the way home. Look at that. So here... Planting a little seed. Yeah, after a week long of sex, I figured, you know... So she goes, she goes, they're like 300, 350 bucks. The ones she registered for. Well, that was 10 months ago. That set is not available anymore at William Sonoma. So it's their fault, Rick? So now it's the $600 set of pots that's available. Are you defending her by saying the store screwed up by not having... No, this is how I got suckered in. So then when I got home and she goes, I got you this, and I got you this, and I got you and I got you tostitos, and I got you a little weenies, and I got you this. Like she bought me all these like little food. I got $600 worth of pots. Exactly. Trying to run it past you. Exactly, and it was just like... And it's like she's softening the blow. Like, and I got the pots. I'm like, oh cool, how much was the final total? Well, they didn't have the ones I registered for. And you said I could go and get them. So... Well, Rick. $600. You think you know what you'd do? You'd come home some day and go, look, they didn't have the Sony Walkman I wanted, so I had to get the big screen digital television set. Yeah, I had to get the big screen TV. Jay, what do you have to add? Is Rick Vice Chance short for Richard? No, it's not. I was going to say there's another nickname for Richard that sounds like Rick, and I think you're going to have to start calling yourself out for a while. We tried to tell you, don't get married. We spent weeks trying to tell you, don't get married. Oh my God. I was going to say what Anthony said. Why don't you walk out and just try to buy a TV, like a 32 inch stereo TV. See what happens. I already got one of those, and she was there for it. Okay, well, buy one for your room, though, just for you to watch football games on the weekend. That goes in your room, and then you get the big screen TV. I'm talking the like 56 inch. We don't have the room, dude. Who cares? We don't have the room. We don't have the room. We don't have the room. We don't have the room. We don't have the room. We don't have the room. I'll tell you, I'm listening to you guys, and I'll tell you, Rick's actually lucky, I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. And you get a Sosa rookie car and a Beanie Baby. Tom, what's up? Hey, you guys got to play back all those days where we told Rick not to get married. He was sounding so pompous and all full of himself. Now he sounds like a beaten dog. I'm not that beaten. I still got my car. Your little yellow sports car? Hopefully that will be home when I get home. Rick still has his little yellow sports car. How about that? I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. We'll take a little pool here. How long before it's traded in for an Astro van? How long before the Dodge Caravan is in the driveway in your little yellow sports car? The impractical two-seater is gonzo. God, I hope it's home when I get home. Andrea. Yes? Hi, what's up? Rick, how many pots did you say you got in? I got seven pots. Are you sure? Is it a set of seven? I guess so. Why? Because if it's a set of seven, you know what you're paying for. You're paying for three pots. Maybe a pan and three lids. Oh, they count the lids as part of the set? No, we definitely got seven pots out of the deal. Are you sure about that? Oh, well, then you didn't get ripped off. No. And for an extra hundred, we'll throw in handles. I'm downing this. It's a 20-piece set. Well, we include the screws that hold the handles on, the washers, everything. Pot's not included. I want to know. I've got to come over some day and have maybe some Campbell's tomato soup cooked in an almost $100 pot. It's got to taste better than just a regular old pot. Then we can grill you up a nice grilled cheese sandwich in your George Foreman fat Boston grill, man. It'll be a nice soup and sandwich for you. Oh, good. If we have to run out for any groceries, you can take me in your Dodge Caravan. Well, pass your sports car at the lot where it was traded in for your Astro van. You know, I feel so free. I'm going to go out tonight and spend $600 in hookers and drugs just because I can. Cutting down tonight? Opie and Anthony. Oh, those guys are fast! 1027 WNEW. I had the image in my head again of Al Roker eating sushi. Yeah, we had some sushi today before the show. Went to lunch, had some sushi. There was a little sushi place and Al Roker comes walking in. Is that the funniest thing ever? Al Roker eating sushi? He's like, hey, look, it's Al Roker, man. And he was sitting right to the table right across from us. I had a good view of him. You know, we go to that place a lot and a lot of people around the station go down there and they always told us, yeah, Al Roker's in here all the time. Yeah, Al Roker loves the sushi. And we're like, shut up, Al Roker, eating sushi. Who are you kidding? What, the Twinkies wrapped in rice? Yeah. What the hell kind of sushi is Al eating? So he walks in today and I was busting out laughing. Yeah. So of course everybody's looking to see what the hell Al gets at a sushi place. Right. What the hell is Al Roker going to eat? You know, I think he ordered the baby seal. They give him his own room in the back. Yeah, where he could just like bat it around with his fins a few times before he swallows it. You've seen how they do that. And they bat around the seal a little bit and play with their food until they just swallow it whole. Swallow it whole. Swallow it whole. Everything go right down. That's what it looked like. Looked like when the shark ate Quint out of the boat. Al was tipping up the big sushi tray. Little tenderizing. Swallow your whole. I'm watching Al Roker eat sushi. All of a sudden his eyes roll back white. Lifeless eyes like a doll's eyes. And then you hear the horrible high pitch screaming and hollering. Damn, was that funny, man. Al Roker eating sushi today. Nighttime comes. Al Roker comes cruising. You hear the horrible high pitch screaming and they just keep going down and Al Roker just keeps pounding and pounding. Water turns red with blood. Al Roker comes back. And he keeps pounding and pounding. 350 pieces of sushi went in. None came out. 11th day of October 1999. See the scar I got here? Al Roker. I had a piece of sushi, fell on my lap, he bit me. You go in the cage, cage goes in the water. Al Roker's in the water. Our Al Roker. I'll never wear a life jacket again. Oh, that's too good. We made sure we ordered real fast before Al, oh my God, Al ordered his sushi. Look out, Al Roker's coming. Farewell and adieu to your fair Spanish ladies. I don't know if anyone else finds this funny, but Al Roker can't go down with three barrels in him. Come on. You haven't seen funny until you see Al Roker eating sushi. For God's sake, I wish we had it on video. Look, this is not the time or place to perform a half assed autopsy on Al Roker. I'm not going to cut him open in this sushi place and watch that little Kitner boy spill out all over the floor. And he thought we were starstruck. No, we were looking at what you were eating Al. Holy Jesus. I swear to God, that was some of the funniest stuff I've ever seen in my life. Smacking him around. Al Roker at a sushi bar. Smacking his baby seal around. Tom the Sweetheart and Anthony. That's the A-hole over there. The Opie and Anthony Show. Anthony the Poe has a great story on your favorite TV host. Who would that be? Star Jones from The View. Ah yes, I love Star. She's a diva you know Alpie. Whether you think she is or not, she says it. So I guess it's true. Diva. Anyway, that's the headline that reads, Cranky view of Star Jones bash. This is unbelievable. Star Jones was nice enough to invite 60 friends to a barbecue at her summer place in the Hamptons, but not all her guests were so nice. One in-grade called up MSNBC to complain that guests weren't allowed in the house to use the bathroom, Anthony. Instead they were relegated to rented portable toilets on the lawn. She wouldn't let the guests in her house to use the toilet? No, she didn't want guests using her bathroom. Well I got a reason for that honey. See my ass is so big I got a custom built toilet bowl. It's as big as a jacuzzi. And I was fearful they would fall in with their skinny narrow asses. I'm a diva. Oh you're a diva, alright. Also there were complaints from people that were at this party about the menu that Star Jones selected. The menu? What could be wrong with the menu? Star Jones provided hamburgers and hot dogs for a guest. Very nice for a barbecue, right? But she reserved a lobster for herself. Prepared by her personal chef, which she washed down with some champagne. Washed down? You can just picture her eating the shell and everything. Someone goes for the lobster. What a witch. So she sits there eating lobster and champagne. And she's giving her guest... Well everyone else has weenies. Hamburgers and hot dogs. Burgers and weenies. And she gets the champagne. I don't think she had champagne for everyone, Anthony. No, probably just mixed up some Kool-Aid for them in great. Get the great Kool-Aid. And then at one point she told the chef to make sure that no one else got her lobster. That that was for her and not the guest, said a spy. That's for me. Diva. It's star stock. Get in the portable toilet. You mud people. I'm a diva. I use the bathroom in the house. Star stock? Star stock. Star stock? I don't know limp biscuits, but I got buttered biscuits in here. All mine. Keep your hands off them. I'm hungry. Why'd I sound like River now? I love the red hot chili peppers. Not the band. I'm just eating red hot chili peppers. Yeah, it's star stock. Past the corn. I'm a diva. I'm a diva. Take a hand off if it even got close to her lobster and champagne. I'm a diva. And who would want to use that toilet? Imagine going into Star's bathroom because you know the first image you would get is of her on that bowl. With her big old ass. Big ass. It's hard for me to line up. It's like Hain. I gotta use one of those Norton bomb sites like they use on the bomber planes. Just to line up so I don't hit the seat. There's a lot of ass over here. I'm a lawyer. Here we go. Let me line up. There we go. Stay out the bathroom. Star, I have to use the bathroom. Use the tree out back. This is Star's bathroom. I'm a diva. Here's another one. That was a whole claw from my lobster. That hurt coming out. That lobster tail. Look, it's hanging out. I look like a lobster. Look at that. Star, I really need the bathroom. Use the pool. Damn, that's a tasty crustacean. This one's working out pretty good. Hello, Opie. Stay out the bathroom. I'm in here. Star, I'm a diva. The Opie and Anthony Show. It looks very, very glamorous. And you know why? Because it is fucking glamorous, all right? We're still stupid. Well, if that's what it takes to get good ratings, we'll continue being stupid. We don't care. I've been expecting you to make exactly that ass a nine-state. The Opie and Anthony Show. Theater of the mindless. 1027. WNEW. It is Opie and Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us. Bridget, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Hi, guys. How are you? Maybe you can help me figure out what happened. Wait, you're the girl that Anthony gave the BJ advice to, right? Yeah. All right, what happened? Last night was my boyfriend's birthday. And I wanted to make it a great night for him. So I got this great outfit. And I cooked a really great meal. And I invited him over. My parents are out of the country right now. So he brought over a movie. And we had dinner. We sat down at the movie. And I was really nervous. But good nervous, really excited. Yeah, you were actually ready to give him the first hummer you've ever given in your life. And I've been with him for over a year. Yeah. So halfway through the movie, I leaned over. And I whispered that I had a high form. And I told him to close his eyes. And I got down in front of him. So I had a little oil hidden underneath the couch. And I put it on my lips. Oil? A little bit. Like what, 10W-40? Some Quaker state? No, almond oil. Oh, almond oil? Yeah, just like lip gloss. But it wouldn't have something in it. Well, that's an interesting little feature. That's pretty cool. OK. So I started running my hands up his legs. And I started kissing him. And he got really excited. All right. And I unbuttoned his pants. All right, be careful. OK. And I started following your instructions. From yesterday, very good. From yesterday. OK. And I started really slowly. All right, be careful. Did you make the Charles Bronson face? Yeah. OK. Hide those teeth, yeah. So everything just really fell into place. Everything seemed really natural. I was really glad I called you guys. I've never seen it before except in a picture. I've never seen a man's part before. You've never even saw a guy naked before? No. I mean, little kids. But that's different. Yeah, but you've had sex with this guy before, right? No. Well, yesterday you said you had sex with him. No, no. I asked you if I should. I'm glad I didn't now. Why? What happened? Well, he finished. Right. And you guys said something about eating your broccoli. Yeah. I must have liked broccoli when I was little. It was just the whole thing was so beautiful. It was really, really wonderful. So we helped you out with your first armor. Yeah. And then I finished and I kind of cleaned him up. And I looked up just kind of to say happy birthday or something. And he had his hands on either side of my head. Oh, yeah? And he had this terrible look on his face. And before I could say anything, he pushed me back. I'm not going to cry. He pushed me back and threw me back so my head hit the floor. Why did he do that? I'm asking you. I have no idea. And he stood up and he pulled up his pants and he said that he always knew I was a little whore. Come on. I swear. And he told me never to call him again like I would at this point. And he left. Come on. You're kidding. You're kidding. No. Oh, my God. He pushed you back and said he knew you were a little whore. Yes. But you are. You're a little whore. Well, there's plenty of guys out there that would appreciate you. Wow. Bridget. What did this guy have? A stick up his butt? I don't know. He's never acted like this before. But he waited until he was finished. You know what you did? Know what the problem was? You were so good at it that he assumed that you just had a lot of practice. Maybe that's it. I thought you were a pro. I'm hobbing many knobs. I've never felt so. Well, hold on the line. Let's see if we can get some listeners to help you out today. Right, Bridget? OK. That's just a tragic answer to a great story. It sounded like it was all going so well. It was. He throws her head back. He pushes her to the floor. I can't believe you guys are laughing at me. It just sounds like I couldn't believe it happened like that. Yeah. No. Hold on a second. OK? Hold on. Did you ever wonder if your mom gave dad a boob job right before she kissed you good night? This can't be real. Bridget, you still there? I'm still here. We're going to put you out with Manny. Hey, Manny. Did you guys hear that tragic story from Bridget? That is so wrong. That is so wrong. The guy is wrong. You should have just said, what are you doing? That's it, man. Yeah. That's wrong. The girl sounds really nice. I can't believe he called you. You were wrong to ask me that. I'm sorry. It's kind of like a funny image of Conjure's up. I'm over here crying. I'm telling the guys, yo, listen to this crap, man. So this isn't what I have to look forward to. All guys are like that, Bridget. There's a lot of guys out there that like little whores. All right, you guys, keep it up. All right, Manny. I feel so bad for Bridget. I know. I gave her the advice and everything, you know? It was awesome advice. And you sound so sweet and innocent. Who knew you were actually a whore? Where did you get the idea of the almond oil on your lips? Yeah, maybe that was like a trickier. Maybe he'd been to like a hooker that did the same thing. That's a nice thought. All right, Bob, you're next. What do you have for Bridget? Yeah, I just want to know, you know, if we just call you slut, will you sleep with us? Thanks, Bob. Aw, come on, Bob. Old Dirty! Oh, so tender, Bridget, like these pork chops I'm frying up right now. Oh my. Where'd you steal them, Old Dirty? Like, homeboy was dogging her to hit the ass, and now he got it going and he got rid of it. Yeah. But I don't, you know. All right, Old Dirty. I don't get it, man. I don't get it either. So you got a bump on your head when he threw you backwards like that? I do have a bump on my head. But why did he throw you back? I don't know. I don't know. Old Dirty, why aren't you listening? Because he's convinced that she's a little slut. Because she did such a good- I was really shocked to find out his little angel was death at the lips. Well, then why was he after me that long to do something, man? He was screwed up. Something's wrong. Something's wrong with him. Yeah, it's him. Funny, though, he- Hey, Bridget, quickly. You know how you could maybe, I don't even know if you want to get back in his good graces. No, no. Yeah? Well, next time, if that ever happens again, offer him up the back door. Offer him the hoop. Yeah, offer him the hoop, the balloon knot. Wow. That'll fix it right up. I know. That's a big move there, kid. Yeah, the guy will be convinced that she's an innocent girl, Anthony. She's been born out of it. She's going to need a lot more than almond oil, kid. Say that much. It's a WD-40. You know what I'm saying? Oh, we know what you're saying. Yeah. All right, guys. Bridget. Yeah? I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. You're a big girl. Casey, what's up? Hey, use guys. How are you? How are you doing? Okay. How are you doing? Use guys. Use guys? How old are you? Twice her age. Oh, really? It hurts to say that. No, that's okay. So you think this is not uncommon, right? Yeah, I've been in a situation where I was dating a guy for a while, already having sex, and then you get to the part where you're dating for a while and now you're going to have really good, you'll-never-forget-me-for-the-rest-of-your-life sex. Uh huh. Yeah. like, ìWho have you been with?î So tell me guys, whatís that all about? Well, weíre a little paranoid. Weíre convinced youíre trying a new trick or something and you learned it somewhere. Or if youíre really good when we first start dating you, weíre like, ìOh man, this girlís a slut.î Tell me guys, as you slept with her. Well, thatís the whole point of waiting a little while and then being in a place where itís like, ìOkay, here it comes.î So thatís not what I expected. Right. So that did happen to you though and wrecked the relationship? Yeah, I wrecked it. I was like, ìWell, screw you.î But Casey, I donít know why we think that way but we do. If you guys are really good when we first started dating, you were like, ìMan, this girl has a lot of experience.î Or if you break out a new trick in the relationship, youíre like, ìWow, where did you learn that?î You got to hold back a few things in your repertoire. Oh yeah, no. You rent a couple of books and you learn a few things. I wonder if she learned that in Cosmo. Hardly. Then you go find the latest Cosmo and see if that trick was in there or something. Alright, Casey. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bridget, John is saying thereís some holes in your story. Letís move on to John. John, whatís going on? Hey, whatís up guys? The one under her nose that got her in trouble, that hole. Bridget, whatís up John? I donít know. Her story doesnít make sense. That is the funniest thing Iíve ever heard in my life though. Any guy that does that, you got to get her guy on the phone because Iím not buying her story. Iím giving it to the guy right now because that just doesnít make sense at all. Yeah, we really want to talk to this guy, Bridget. I donít want to talk to him. No. Because sheís full of it. She either bit it off or something. She just doesnít have her story right one bit. I donít know. She sounds for real to me. I donít know. Get the guy on and then weíll decide because right now I think sheís full of it. Alright, John. You believe her, right? I would like to. Yeah. Bridget, I believe you. Believe me. I believe you. Andy, whatís up? Yeah, I got some advice for her. Yeah. What? Maybe next time when youíre done, you shouldnít say this is the way your father likes it. Life. Come on, Andy. You canít tell me you honestly believe that this girl is telling the truth. Andy, what are we going to play? Sheís so full of it. Come on. Bridget, can we play a game with you? Sure. Sure. You can back out, but I want to play ìLetís See Who Can Make Bridget Cry.î Thatís going to be really hard. Really? Do you want to play it? What? ìLetís Make Bridget Cry?î I mean, if we could have a whole bit that revolves around your mom, I think itís okay to play ìLetís Make Bridget Cry.î Okay. I think it might be a little rough to... I donít know. Bridget... ...a little whore to cry. I donít think she is going to cry. Well, Andy, you tried and she didnít budge, so... You know why she didnít cry? Because sheís full of it. All right. Well, thank you, Andy. All right. Take it easy, guys. How long have you been going out with this guy for, Bridget? Just over a year. A year? Kind of grew attached to him? Yeah. Kind of made you feel bad when he did that to you? Heís a dick. Did you feel dirty? You know what I did afterwards? What? Brushed your teeth? I hope. Gargled. I took one of my momís valium and I drank half a bottle of wine that was left. All right. Listen. I went in the shower and I turned it on, scalding hot, and I just sat there and I just cried. I just cried. You cried and cried because youíre a little whore. Kind of like that scene from The Big Chill with Glenn Close in the shower? I didnít see The Big Chill. All right. Hold on a second. Do we want to play this game? She seems a little unstable. Go ahead. Make her cry, man. No. We want the listeners to play Make Bridget Cry for a prize. Okay. Go ahead. Do we have wrestling tickets for Rawís War when they do that live at Madison Square Garden? All right. Let me clear all the lines. Do you want to play Make Bridget Cry? Give us a call. 212-757-1027. Thatís horrible. Well, I asked you guys if you want to play. You said yes. Yeah, so itíll be funny. Itís horrible but funny. Thatíll get me wrong. Bridget. Yeah? Before we play, Iím going to give you one more chance to back out. Donít totally shut up. No, donít back out. Iím okay. Weíre going to take a quick break. Okay. If you want to play Make Bridget Cry, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Weíll be back. Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. Iím sorry. No, anal is okay. Stay tuned for some real low radio. 1027 WNEW at the O.B. and Anthony show. I think, Anthony, weíve gone too far today. Why? On the radio show. Well, weíre playing a game called Make Bridget Cry. Yeah, Bridget had a little trouble on Hummer Tuesday last night. It was her boyfriendís birthday. She wanted to give him a Hummer for his birthday. She did. It was a beautiful scene as she spelt it out for us. And when her boyfriend finished and she accepted his finishing, he grabbed her head, pushed her away, her head hitting the floor, and said, ìI always knew you were a little whore.î And it was the first time she ever gave a Hummer. Yes. Bridget, youíre still there, right? Iím still here. Now, remember, you said you wouldnít mind playing Make Bridget Cry, so you sounded like you were getting a little choked up earlier in your conversation talking about your boyfriend and how youíre not going to see him again. Yeah, it shouldnít be hard. And are you sure you want to play this? Our listeners could be mean bastards. That wonít make me cry. All right. Tony! Yeah. Youíre up first. You want to play? Yeah, I want to play. First of all, I know who this broad is. Okay. Her real name isnít Bridget. All right. And Tuesday night wasnít her first Hummer. Monday night was. She practiced on me before she was with her boyfriend. Thatís why he called her a pig. She knows itís the truth. And you know who this is, Bridget. And donít pretend you donít, Bridget. Tony, I have no idea who you are. You donít know who this is, huh? No. You practiced the almond thing on me. You wish. Yeah. Now, you know itís the truth. And so does Henry, your real boyfriend. Thatís why he called you a pig. And he said you were horrible. She knows it, O.N.A. Nice guy. Heís a pig. A stinkiní pig. Oh, I donít think itís working, but that was pretty brutal. Okay. That was brutal. Uh, Brett. Yo. Whatís up? Whatís going on, guys? Youíre on with Bridget. Bridget. Yeah? What is wrong with you? With me? Yeah. Whatís wrong with you? Why? What do you think is going to happen when somebody sticks their penis in you? What do you mean? What are you going to do then? Well, hopefully itíll end up a little bit. Youíll jump off a bridge. Well, I donít know. Youíre going to jump off a bridge. I donít know. Youíre going to jump off a bridge. Yeah? Whatís he going to do after he has sex with you? Is he going to beat you around a little bit? I donít think heís working. Huh? Eh, okay. Yeah, I donít think heís working. Good try, Brett. Not playing the right angles. How many seconds do we allow? Weíll just allow where the sole judge is. Weíll cut you off whenever you want. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Weíre going to cut you off whenever we feel itís not working. Alright, E.J., youíre the next contestant in Make Bridget Cry. So, fellas. Whatís going on? Alright, E.J. Cool. Hey, Bridget. I was wondering. Yeah. Is it because, are you so upset because, was it that your mom did a better job than your boyfriend or was it that you had flashbacks of your father knocking you down after you did him? Nice. Okay, this could be wrong. You gotta follow it up EJ you ever watch a fight and a fighter gets a good right hook in and he wobbles the guy But then the fighter backs off and you're like pound him pound him Yeah, you know you got you gotta have a follow-up to that shot. All right, EJ. All right, thank you Alright, let's let's go to Pat Pat. You're next. All right first of all a suicide thing a Volume Quiet I'm talking a volume in two glasses of wine in a hot shower That sounds like you get ready to go out. Are you kidding me? Yeah, I know I was saying Come on, I mean and this whole thing I tell you I think it happened not in this world in whatever world you're in I think this is all cooked up in your your your fat little head because I'm sure you weight at least 300 pounds You're probably so ugly. No guy would let you hum. I mean, let's be serious here. There's it Oh not working. No, you're not as big as Monica Lewinsky. No, let's go to Frankie Frankie Bridget yeah, how much you charge I want to know right now get on your knees and tell me what you could do Bridget, let me tell you something. You know, you're an expert. You know, you know what you're doing Tell me what it is. What time I got to pick you up. Let's go out, baby I mean you guys have sensitive listeners, huh? What? You're popping volumes sitting in there sitting in the shower. Come on, honey. I got volumes. Let's go Come on Bridget, I can get you I know I can you think I know I can Right right now. You're running out of time Frankie. I got a couple volumes. Let's go. All right, that was it I don't think anyone's gonna get you to cry Bridget. Uh, Dave you're next Yeah, this is your daddy Bridget. Hi daddy Why'd you cheat on me with that boy? No, you're a filthy little pig You know you're a whore Your head back because you didn't swallow it all That's why he smacked you You're only upset cuz he didn't tie you up and bang the hell out of you like your daddy do It's not called make Bridget laugh Yes, he's laughing I should get a prize for that shouldn't Hey Bridget. Yeah. Hey, when was the when was the last time you did cry all night? Morning, really? Yeah all sad about uh, your boyfriend how he treated you. I loved him. You loved him Just did think of think of when you first got together Remember that Everything was all nice and sweet. Did he do nice things for you? He was so nice. Yeah You went out a lot and he got your things and it was all fun And then last night he just pushed your head away and called you a whore You're never ever gonna have a good time with him ever again I Don't want to that could have been the last guy that the last decent guy you meet You might have to troll through scum now for years Having different members in your face No week after week before you find somebody that's even Half as nice as this guy treated you up until he turned on you last night Yeah, it's hard for a filthy whore to find a boyfriend You're really close. Ah Ha I had you almost was there George, what's up? Hey, what's up? All right. Hey Bridget. Yeah, I feel really sorry for you You know you spent a year with this guy and You guys had a lot of good times together And then he turns around and it's like it didn't mean nothing to him all the time spent together You just turn around is like you're nothing but trash. You're nothing but dirt on my on my shoe I think I'm gonna study through me Then that that feelings is lingers with it. This doesn't go away doesn't know every time you just think of him You think of all the good times you try to please him for God's sake, you know Try to and you did you didn't I don't think you did anything wrong for the love of God. I'm gonna cry I don't think you did anything wrong. I think you're a pretty girl inside and you shouldn't be treated like that You know like trash. He just pushed you. It's like you're nothing. You're nothing to me. You never meant nothing to me All right, George. Thank you very My brother wants to play oh, yeah, yeah Hey, Darren. Hey, you're a cold-hearted F. You want to play? I am very cold. I mean this With all my heart Bridget. Yeah This is as good as you get babe I Mean your chin like have calyxes on it from his bang in you. I mean the whole year you're going out That's all he's thinking is like when can I use her as a depository for my freaking stuff? Now you're gonna go out you're gonna be a slut the rest of your life You're never gonna have a real relationship because you're gonna be all freaking weepy You go to you're not gonna forget that that taste is never gonna leave your mouth and your face and that's just as good as it gets So, you know, you're a whore your girl Get over it You know, thanks Darren. Well, like, you know life is good for guys and bad for girls and that's all he wanted I mean he got it. I applaud him. I'm laughing. I'm like, this is the best. I gotta meet this guy and you know join the club No That's it, holy smoke More issues than open You know what comes out of a guy's member And here you are gladly accept My brother Yeah, we got we got to find out how many times they dumped out of my brother's I couldn't He's a cold-hearted son of a man, he's got ice flowing through his veins I don't That was harsh a little too real sound and coming out of The Opie and Anthony show let me let you ladies in on something oral never gets old home of the Hummer W&E W Sandy Sandy Are you gonna hang me out the dry what you agree with Anthony Oh Yeah, all right, well first of all, yeah at home, what are you talking? Thank you Am I a minimum said no, you know, see I'm not I think you're practicing that tantric sex. That's thing practices Italian really? Yeah, what's his name? Oh Wow, so you remember when we first started having sex though, right? Yeah after our first date. Yeah Why's your brother ready to punch me Remember those like it was a lot quicker Yeah, but that was well, that's the point I'm trying to make today when you first start going out with someone new that you know that it's hypersensitive and and You know, you don't last as long Yeah, you got a point there. I don't know what and was getting at it all today I was getting it giving Chris a caller some advice that you learned during during the years You know, it was two different pieces of advice given by Opie and I and All of a sudden it turned into this whole thing Sends the minute woman No, Rick the closest he is because I am not well What's wrong with being a minute woman if you were because I'm not that means that means you can't you know? What can't hold out you can't hold out? No, you're Why cuz I know he's listening I On top of everyone else who listens to your show what your brother Rick who's sitting a foot from me? Yeah Why he's got his legs rolled up with the big arms? Yeah, Rick steroid boy. Get over there, man He's like standing over me making sure I don't say anything bad to you All I was saying with the whole Finishing up quickly so you could recover for the next time and then proving yourself thing is it takes the oral factor out of the mix Right after that and that kind of yeah, cuz what guys gonna want to uh, you know submerge If that's the case, so you got to work around that. Yeah, Sam. Yeah, I apologize. I haven't done that lately. I I Cannot believe you're Yeah, well Rick is right there. You don't enjoy that. Oh, no, I do. I don't know what I just haven't lately What's wrong you don't need to discuss it what's the matter helping all right, I don't know there's nothing wrong man I just you know, I just I don't know What's the matter she gave me a home last Friday though I That's okay probably only lasted a minute for oh, so Then we can't discuss this wait, well you better discuss what he just said cuz it was say it it was like two minutes No, I'm not gonna say what I want to say What do you want to dry? Did I last a minute no you thought that is longer a little longer yeah, but I was almost getting like lockjaw Why did you almost get locked jaw, what's the problem man nothing too big no Look, no, she does not real quick Why did you almost get locked you're just kidding? She was flossing her teeth Lockjaw Sweet I promise all of you know. All right. We don't need to discuss that Well, I know you like it and stuff so He's like in that man, he's turning red I Mean, I don't want him to get a visual. Oh, you got to do that. What are you doing? I I have right Sam San Not lately. I know You're telling the listeners the Tuesday night Hummer Club guys were asking you to reciprocate and then well, you know You're not going below the covers there. What what? No, no, how long sweets mom? Come on man, what that's fair because I don't always do that either right so it worked out saying How's my technique though? Which technique are we talking about my oral technique? Why do you have to get back on that because I'm really curious. No, it's wonderful. Oh, it is good Yeah, it's not like I'm like, you know, like convincing like Sam Kinnison said it's not like I'm just painting a fence Sam thanks for cleaning up. I'm not a minute man I'm a stallion. My oral technique is pretty good. Oh Pretty good, just ask any guy It seemed like you finally are starting to enjoy the doggy a little bit oh Man, look Rick right here Well, it just seems Because when he said that instantly everyone gets a visual including Rick you don't need that you know, that's going too far Reach around was a hit We have a problem dog and your sister get over What's the problem not right That is just not right. How could that possibly be a problem? You can't put it like that man. I'm dude You can't do that some tact for six years you can it's about time you found out that I'm you know, I'm doing her I don't think I need to hear about the certain positions that you're into Chuck is made into the studio. I just came back I Don't let you off the hook. There's a lot more I want to say but I think I've said enough I don't know if you're letting me off the hook like what? Even he's doing it that way Thank you, buddy All right, Greg, what's up? Yeah. Yeah do me a favor Anthony from one guinea to another take over the show Rick Take this boy backstage smack him. How dare you what? Smack the blonde out of this boy's head talk about this man's sister like that on the radio. Wait a minute You're not even married Rick as one man to another from the gym, please Yeah, from one guinea to another yeah, how dare you let this man talk like that about this gentleman's sister Well, you know something it's none of my business get your hand on that button ready I've been going out there for six and a half years. I don't give a god I think I think at this point Rick can handle the fact that I'm dogging his sister Married ten years to my sister. He talks like that. He ain't going home with feet. I mean Spaz was supposed to punch me yesterday now you want Rick to punch me Why aren't you my friend you're talking about this man's sister like she's some kind of thing and You're listening shame on you for calling Sandy knows that's your Italian you understand. Yeah, I had a stand-up comic dog and my sister. All right I Smacked Go Yankees. You guys are the best in your sucking but Rick I swallow if you don't hit him I can't let that be Here we go I swallow Wait if you said jump off the Brooklyn Bridge would you know because that's do it you really do have reason to hit him I know Hit him. I have every good reason. No, no spaz had every reason to hit me yesterday No reason. I've got a great reason. You know how I treat you They are as a family and stuff. They're very protective of each other and you you say you're dogging her doggy style Shut up Rich I mean and shut up shut up, you know, the truth is though Rick if he was Be one thing Shut up, yeah Steroid boy shot up God bless you know, boy. I'm telling I am not steroid boy for Christ's sake I Don't have man boobs you got man breasts. Sorry. I don't spend eight hours a day at the gym. Don't get yourself a bro My man's here A bra Bro Jerry, I know you've gone too far God too far bro Get away from me sit down Spaz had every right yesterday, right? Where would you hit him right Joey shut up? Yeah, I don't know if I can hit him in the man boobs cuz my hand might get swallowed I'm gonna wait a minute. So just remember who does your live bridge you think I can remember all that info Jackass I know everything Look Who's down there more me or open That's right. All right. Come on. I know who you like better. That's all right, Joe He's taking me to the We got a stick together Go with find the Polish guy Like a cage tiger right now and he's like, you know He's in conflict right now in his head he knows he should get But there's some kind of conflict because he does genuinely like open doesn't want to hurt him But he but there is quite the reason why I go what if I looks like he could snap you like a twig Yeah, what if you say something bad to my sister? My gonna say about your sister. I'm not banging her. I'll call her up. I can take care of her Banger Your sister six months pregnant if You're thank you off you sick app and go for it. He's the fake out. Wait, I thought you like that. Yeah, you're the one Preggers man Wait, let me Rick. Let me ask you though. I'm Chuck. Yeah No, I just want to know like like like spaz if you were to hit Opie Would he have the power to fire you cuz like him tell me hit me wait Spaz to hit me was like, all right, my wife going I know you cheated on me. Just tell me it'll be okay I know technically I have the power of veto on anything. Yeah, no and what and vice versa Listen, I don't want it to come down to a firing thing. That's that's just beyond No Let me just tag you one man that'll be kind of cool you guys still be feel like brothers One shot look how big his freaking arms are no brothers just to wrestle around Maybe I can give you a wedgie. How does that sound? How about I give you a wedgie? That's a little homo That's a whole thing Style dude and shut up said he did your sister doggy style. Oh man And then shut up I got a Statement a rich my reach around Wow, what a guy If I recall correctly the reach around was working pretty good banging her if you're good Lord banging Not making I am in the corner Hold on a second. Hold on. I do have one thing to say dog Thank you, I got something to say just remember You freaking hung me out to dry I'm just repeating what you said to the man Rick's about to break that bottle It's gonna look like a black exploitation film in here in a minute What did I say? You forgot to remind him that Sandy did say that I was good at oral Oh Rick has got a damn No contest here. No contest Rick's got him totally. I'm trying to get away. There's no way I'll be good away Oh, hey, you got him around the neck I'm trying to get my arm from around his neck, but he is not working I had Rick is totally dominating this brawl on the floor. Oh, we cannot get away. He's got one hand He's trying to hit Rick on the back of the head. Oh, he just punched me Rick is sitting Rick is sticking his crotch in Opie's face He's got his leg wrapped around Rick and he's flipping him over Opie having a hard time recovering from Rick because Rick is on top the whole time. Oh my god Wait Rick's pulling Opie's pants off Opie now getting really pissed. He's totally ready. He's got Rick in a headline Back on the ground Two points for the reverse Opie can't seem to get Rick down though Rick like a bulldog. Yeah Very hard to get Rick down. Opie working, but I think he's tiring at this point. Rick's endurance is going to start taking over now Rick obviously dominating this brawl. Opie getting a couple of good shots in but Rick's sticking his crotch in Opie's face I think the most degrading thing I've ever seen He looked like Opie's head was a marshmallow for a second And Rick is off. Opie's still down Hey Rick. Hey. How you feel? Somebody call the medic. Somebody call the medic Opie almost gave me a rusty trombone How you doing Opie? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? Oh putting up a valiant effort, but he's hard to take down huh? Yeah, he's like a little fire hydrant. A bulldog Dude watching that one song comes to mind Come, come, come, come Yeah, that's an appropriate song. Should have been playing it while you two were on the floor Opie what did you think when Rick put his crotch right over your face? I was thinking that, gee his ass smells terrific Wait what's the question again? What were you thinking when Rick stuck his crotch right in your face? I was about to give you a handi-wipe No don't say anything I know what he was going to say I know what he's going to say too How much you're like your sister I'm sorry I had to do it man Rick's coming over and he's going to kick your ass now Going for the black guy You know his arms are big but I've never been on the white guy and he's fine Whoa, holy cow He's pretty rough huh? Is that the first time I had so- Nah I won't say it I need to say his last name for the joke Oh my god I didn't do too bad did I? Look your headphones are broken Your headphones are totally broken Your glasses are on the floor It's like you're just a mess Opie's pretty good, he can hold his own man Because Rick's a big guy At one point I did see Opie reached around and punched Rick in the side of the head I think he was trying to get his arm around the back He punched you in the side of the head and then Rick just lost it And you were like a rag doll at that point Rick's got some power to him there, that mega mix Look at his arms man I knew I had testosterone powder drink mix I knew there was going to be a problem there It looked like a prison cell workout Opie was queen of the weight room ball You go to sleep when I tell you to go to sleep But not after you toss myself I've never seen a bra like that in the studio I wish I had gas If you were to squeak one out, if you could have you would have Using the animalistic sitting on the opponent What the hell was that about? That's what monkeys do Like I said, I was hoping those swollen ass monkeys do that To dominate I do want to stay for the record He was trying to give me a wedgie Dr. Zayas did that to me Dr. Zayas made me look like a buffoon Red monkey ass all over my face Damn him to hell That's a long time coming Little tension there I'm a lot less tense in here now though I'm breathing a sigh of relief I'll get some tension out tonight He doesn't quit What? That doesn't mean anything What, you're going to roll around with another man? Come on, it's a joke isn't it? I'm a sex star You can measure up to the porn stars out It's like a little neurotic OP He screws everybody I'm a sex star We love to see you He's an excellent physical specimen I start gagging? Yeah, sure It's the truth Oh yeah My pants are all sticky Oh my god, I'm getting kid-related OP and Anthony This is stupid, somebody's got to get laid Anthony Bud Light Ah Bud Light I think he's going to need a Bud Light Calm him down a little bit Take the edge off We love Bud Light, drink it all the time It's New York's cold easy to drink beer, isn't it? Bud Light's not watered down like other beers We're proud Bud Light drinkers As are our listeners No wine needed with Bud Light Have one today Bud Light's the life of the party, isn't it OP? Make it a Bud Light all summer long Drink it when you're watching the Yankees The Mance What more do you want me to say? Bud Light, drink it I'll be slamming back a bunch of Bud Lights When I find out if Ewing was definitely traded or not He's gone, don't worry I'm stressing man, I'm stressing Who cares because he is gone He will not be a Nick next year Anthony, anyway, why don't you finish up the Bud Light thing? Make it a Bud Light all summer Drink Bud Light Have one today It's not as funny as a sinking school bus I have a strong stomach You guys made me bloat so much Great, the grossest thing I've ever heard in my life O&A, my two new favorite hordes You guys are really horrible OPE and Anthony What a couple of asswipes 1027 WNEW 1027, talk you can't ignore it, it's OPE and Anthony Talking about the Flight 990 stuff Now they're saying it's a possibility that one of the pilots decided to Commit suicide and I kill you And bring 216 people with him I am Tarbash My tooth, my teeth They're killing me, I must crash plane Why, why you do this to me? That's just a scary thought Yeah, you gotta worry about every other thing that happens The weather, mechanical failure Some F-up and then you got a co-pilot that wants to cash it in Well that's what they're thinking at this point They can't confirm anything but That's where they're leading lately Putting the information together, that's what they're drawing They want to hand over the case to the FBI so that's not good news Like what are you going to do though? Rest the guy? Geez, is it done? Nothing you can do at this point That's just a scary thought I am Tarbash I am Pistov I am the Egyptian First he said some kind of a prayer about death That they picked up on the tape and then just Put the plane into a nose dive Well first of all, why do the other pilot leave? They leave every so often, you've seen it Haven't you seen that? You've been sitting in your seat, you see the pilot walk back How you doing dad? Never seen a pilot leave a cockpit He's still got the voice, even in the aisle Like he's walking back, you're like, hey look it's the pilot How you doing? Ladies and gentlemen, I'll just be walking to the back Got to take a leak and there's no bathroom up here in the flight deck Which used to be called the cockpit but that's a pretty funny word Don't look to the rear of the aircraft I'll be taking a leak and the copilot's up there with his thorazine And I'm looking at him, should be okay, you're in capable hands That's bad But this guy it seems was suicidal Put the plane into a nose dive And the pilot gets back just in time to see if he's shutting off the engine Oh my goodness, what are you doing? And then he, yeah, he shipped that, right And then he tries to recover, pulls back on the stick But I guess it was too late And then someone shut the engines off That's a good thing to do, I guess Who knows? They say this plane approached the speed of sound before it busted up and crashed And now they're saying it could be because the copilot was suicidal If you're suicidal, please, find a rock Go behind it, blow your brains out or something Yeah, don't take out other people, you selfish bastards That is selfish Selfish, selfish, selfish Crawl into a hole, do it yourself This guy now, if this is true, and he commits suicide And takes along 216 people with him He's the biggest mass murderer ever That's just as bad as going into a place, opening fire and then shooting yourself in the head What's the difference? Only instead Could you imagine some guy walking into, I don't know, office filming And mowing down 216 people and then shooting himself in the head That would be the hugest of huge stories But it's just a pilot committing suicide or something So it doesn't seem that weird, but it's just as bad I mean, just as bad, this guy took 216 people with him Man, eesh So they're handing it over to the FBI We're going to find out more soon Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to just put the plane into a nosedive Enjoy the scenery, if you look out the port side window You'll see the wing rip off as we approach the speed of sound It should be pretty exciting for the kids If they want to look out the other side, the engine just ripped right off It's flaming That's it If you can't see up front, your windows are probably blocked by the fuselage skin that's peeling back like a banana peel Very exciting sight to see Oh, look at the water It's coming up pretty quickly Get your players out of the way, anything else Maybe you want to jot down a quick note because we're all going to die Thank you for flying, Egypt Air Those guys are always under control Doesn't matter what I was laughing, I was watching some dopey movie That movie about the sharks and stuff that came out Deep Blue Sea, sure And it was the stereotypical chopper pilot Chopper pilots, I mean, they're even better than the regular pilots Than airline pilots because they are constantly just cool No problem There is a hurricane that they have to evict people off of this offshore laboratory The wind is like 200 miles an hour, rain, they can't see anything The pilot's just like, ah, EPA, five minutes, set And his face is just stumping They never like, he looks over his co-pilot at one minute and goes, holy **** I can't believe the weather, we're probably going to die Just a little bit, why don't you get those wipers on high Look, oh, flaming hell, I've never seen this before But I'm sure we can cut right through this, no problem Your stewardess is going to come around with your last meal As we plunge across the water, try not to puke on your pals Good thing, your family is probably not going to get much more than a finger or anything So you don't have to worry about anyone identifying you That bang you're going to hear, is it the sound barrier? We just crossed it Stewardess just flew out the back of the plane Very exciting for the kids Just feel free to crap yourself Of course, the no-crapping light has been turned off You're free to crap around the cabin Tammy, what's going on? I was a flight attendant, you know what the guys do? What do they do in there? Okay, the minute that, right after you take off, it goes into autopilot And then after it goes to autopilot, they read books They read books? It's a book, it's a book They read books? It's all automated now, man They read books in every bump I'm like, what was that? You know, you watch the movies and stuff And you see the pilot, you know, okay This is the tower, you're cleared to ascend to 30,000 feet And then he's like, okay And you see him pull back on the stick? That doesn't happen They have a dial with the altitude They dial it in, push a button, the plane does the rest It goes up to 30,000 And they're just reading books, playing cards I read a whole thing on this typical flight from New York to LA And the pilot and copilot are playing cards Cards! Cards! No fish Ladies and gentlemen, I've got four jacks Up here watching the turbulence Yeah, they're always very calm I'm very attentive to what the pilot's saying, too And I hate that because a lot of times the air Like somebody sitting next to you puts the air on so loud that I can't hear it So you hear like the bing bing Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to blow this thing up I'm like, what are you saying? What pilot? I can't hear you Turn the fan off, damn it, he's talking to me And I'm only catching like little words that are really alarming me Fire engine three Total hydraulic failure No landing gear Haven't I flightened? We should be at our destination A flame in the cabin Burns are good I'm like, what? What? What did he say? I can't hear the pilot Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Oh, and hey, listen A year ago I was coming back from Jamaica on their Jamaica flight And they blew an engine And they had the Jamaican guy, I think he was smoking a spliff in the cockpit And they're telling you how to prepare for a crash landing Are you serious? I'm being... Our husbands are holding hands with their kids like praying and crying Oh, that's wonderful We're freaking out the people And they put the bar away, I was like, where's the bar? That's the time to bring it out It's not, it's crazy to make it Yeah, man, we're going to die But we all die together We all die, die, die We're going to die together In a flaming crash We're going to die together Have your kids, everybody Smoke a spliff Every piece doing this will now hold up to big spliffs Smoke up, you won't even care You're going to be ripped to shreds Plane's full of fuel You'll barely feel it when we hit the ground Look like a big joint blowing up Like a sheath exploding in a big flat joint Man, and they tell you, they tell you, you know, take your shoes off, take your... Is that why they always find shoes floating in the water? I always wondered that, like, God, they blew the shoes off But no, they tell you to take them off Yeah, yeah, not We're dying We're dying, dying in your flaming crash We're dying, you're, we're dying Neither can we walk on our own That's it Look at the wing, it's covered with bamboo Bill Hey, how you doing, O'Neil? Alright I got a theory on why that plane crashed Okay I'm thinking that the pilot had too much slurpy, got a major brain freeze That just couldn't handle it Goddamn I am Tarbash I am Pistov I am the Egyptian The plane went down Oh my God, I can't drink it no more That's it, man, that's it Why? You're out there This is your pilot, Tarbash I am going to be cruising about at a depth of 3,000 feet Have I told you that my life sucks? My wife, my wife leave me Three camels die And I stopped my car walking into cockpit Very distraught today Hey, pilot, why don't you go check the back of the plane? I will stay here and watch I will stay here No, no, I haven't even been thinking of turning off autopilot and engines And sending the plane into death dive at supersonic speeds I wouldn't even dream of that Ladies and gentlemen, if you look out your window You will see our 767 engines ripping from the wings Don't be alarmed, just take your shoes off Because that's what you do Look, as we see the skin of the plane peel back like banana Pray to Allah Here we go, into the water Don't worry, you won't feel a thing Oh, my tutors, I am Darmash the Egyptian magician flying plane I am Khorki Amal Oh, my God, I almost cried Oh, my God, I almost cried Thank you, good night This is Dumb Dumb Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this? 1027 WNEW You know, I stole the Playboy with Slargen No way, Slargen Dumb Dumb Dumb James, James James, open the door and look at me Look, I got this big pack of hot dogs Stable to the back of my neck James, where's JJ? Delma You said Florida, everyone heard it Opie had the hospital in Florida when he was a kid Come on, everyone heard it Opie, come here, give me some love Little bra, I'm still going to Opie James That was only until Wheezy came along All right, all right The beauty that was Wheezy Oh, if only I could be George Jefferson I'll move you on up Now you've gone too far You said it, man Yeah, how about that Ann Esther, Opie? Shut up Come here, heathen Oh, man Well, let's change the subject and talk about Sue the Lynch I can never squeeze out syrup out of that Aunt Jemima bottle without thinking, wow, what a hot babe Yeah, I'd lose my syrup Oh, man Well, you heard it here, folks Opie, hots for Florida from good times Stole the Playboy That Playboy I never saw, but I guess it's in Opie's personal collection The one with Florida James, I'm naked in Playboy All right, son of a bitch Look at the picture we got on the wall, check this out Oh, man There she is, Esther Rowe Wow She is truly dino-like Yeah, look at that Yeah That's chocolate sundae Just sucks when you put your foot in your mouth on this show, you know What was Hugh Hefner thinking that month, huh? I don't know He was on the crank All right That was after the stroke I am trying to change the subject here, so bad Because this could go on for another three weeks Shame Here's the picture, Opie Are you feeling that tingle? Yeah Here it is, Opie Time to feel free Time to feel free Time to feel free Time to feel free Time to feel free In a time like a monster Not getting hassled Not getting hustled Keeping the head on the water Opie loves mama, dynamite Triple-rally layoffs Good times, music credit ripples Good times, sending messes over Good times, hanging in a jaw-in Good times, ain't we lucky we got them Got them Yeah Opie's got good times in his pants James Now JJ, I have company this evening Opie's coming over After James got killed, remember that? She would have liked a guy like you Shut up You'd have fit good in the project You'd have suffered the scrutiny of Michael, the younger brother Yes, yes Remember how angry he was I don't think Opie would have cut the mustard His hair and everything Mama, why are you dating that white boy? He's very nice, now come on Let mama go out with Opie James James Mama, he's the devil Well, he's showing you the devil in bed Wait till I tell Walona what he did to me Of course he can't stack up the chains where it counts You know, this picking on someone is not that fun after all I always thought it was fun to pick on people Oh, it's a blast, come on this side Opie Opie I have water retention Opie's on the rack I'm feeling a little bloated today Opie, you are such a woman Oh, come on Opie, what color panties are you wearing? Oh, hold me a fag Whatever, you wearing a bra? Yeah That's pretty gay, man Opie, you are such a woman Why am I such a fag? Why am I such a fag? Usually I have to go to Christopher's tree to see that I feel so sexy I'm a wimp, I'm a puss I like my vagina Opie, you are such a woman I have water retention I'm feeling a little bloated today I have water retention I'm feeling a little bloated today You wearing a bra? Yeah, that's pretty gay, man Yeah, I want to give Al Roker the rusty tuba Whatever you say on this ends up on some wacky promo You got me One oh two seven, WNEW WNEW's new morning show is The Sports Guys Julia Anne in the studio, she's a Playboy model Do you know anything about football? Absolutely nothing about football Well, where do the Rams play now? Where do the Rams call home? What city? I didn't know that we had a Rams as of right now They won the Super Bowl last year Oh, did they say? I wasn't paying attention Yeah How would that? But you got to walk by a Benny Gans every once in a while I was in the hospital getting my next bootcamp Okay, alright The Sports Guys, Scott and Sid, one oh two seven, WNEW Anthony? Yeah Reagan's in the paper again today Yeah, I see It's reported in the Post and the Daily News The Reagans, Nancy and Ron, are marking 48 years of marriage together this coming weekend How about that? There's a picture of the lovely couple in the paper today It looks like he's not doing too bad Ex-President Ronald Reagan is kissed by wife Nancy on his 89th birthday, February 6 Look at his hands They are just leaning on the table She's got her hand behind his neck turning his head towards her head And he's barely puckering his lips I don't think he even knows what he's doing in this picture Where he's kissing Nancy And oh my God, what happened to her? What? I mean, obviously never a look or anything But looks like she's melting What's going on there? It looks like a chimpanzee Damn Alright But there were some problems I guess Let me read a little bit of this for you Just a little bit Because then we've got to get to Reagan He's on ride six there Los Angeles, Ronald Reagan and wife Nancy celebrate their 48th wedding anniversary this weekend As the shadow of Alzheimer's disease dims the former president's golden years God damn His motor skills have so deteriorated that he reportedly no longer exercises And cannot recognize videotaped highlights of his political life, Anthony That's awful Former president Ford said in a TV interview that Reagan, 89, did not recognize him when the two met several months ago People magazine today reports that Reagan appears to be entering the final phase of Alzheimer's disease We are afraid he might fall He walks around the garden And here's the kicker Occasionally Mr. Reagan may try to stand in the pool The former leader of the free world is attempting to walk on water He had his finger on the button at one point Fought the commies Right And now he's wandering the garden and standing in the pool Trying to stand in the pool basically trying to walk on water, Ed That's great The focus of the day is Nancy And I don't think it will go beyond the year 2000 is what a few of the Reagan's friends are saying, Anthony Like that's they think too grand will be the year he checks out Yes Oh, that's a shame And he didn't even recognize Ford when Ford visited him recently President Ford? Yeah Gerald Oh, wait a minute It was sad, Ford said I was there about 30 minutes Tried repeatedly to bring up incidents of our friendship that might stimulate some recognition by him But tragically it didn't help a bit The guy doesn't remember Ford No Well, I don't think much of America does either That's not saying much about Reagan's Alzheimer's I don't think much of us remember All right, well let's go Ford is 86 Yeah Reagan's 89 And Ford Correct, yeah Oh Life And Ford was the guy falling down all the time Yeah Everyone thought he had Alzheimer's when he was in office And he's doing better than Mr. Reagan So let's go to line 6 Anthony and talk to the former president of the United States Anthony What? What are you doing? I don't know, I've got to go out here And it's not every day that the president calls a radio show I drank a lot of coffee, I've got to take a leak See, I'll hold them on line, I'll be right back All right Well, I hear someone on the line President Reagan President Reagan Hello, I'm Julie, your time life operator Hey, Mr. Reagan, what's going on today? Hello How are you, sir? I love anal sex No Yes What are you talking about? Me and Nancy Yeah? We just used Sam Donaldson's wig glue as lubricant Hello Yeah, that's a visual we don't need today, sir Yes Oh my God, you twisted F*** Sorry, I had to say that You had to jump out of your own show Yes, I did, because you're a twisted F talking about having anal sex with Nancy Yes, well, we have to keep it fresh after How long has it been? You're celebrating your 48th wedding anniversary this week Jesus Christ Yes 48 years with that big huge head My God, 48 years of looking into the eyes of a bug-eyed alien Did I ever tell you how we met? No, you didn't Well, there was a big flash around Area 51 I was driving and her big headed alien head stopped my pick-up dead Well, I thought she was kind of cute and picked her up You ever screw an alien? I can't say I have, no Wonderful Yeah Hello Alien abduction, huh, Mr. Reagan? That's how we met And I want to say something about Gerald Ford and what he said about me in the paper Okay That's not accurate No? No He says you don't even recognize him when he comes around to visit I remember Ford Yeah He was a transvestite bitch from Bangkok I nailed in 48 I never forget a tight ass Oh my So he can lick me He can, huh? Yes So are you guys doing anything special for your 48th wedding anniversary this weekend? Well, we're probably just going to sit around the house and play what's in Ron's pants Well, these days it looks more like a turtle head caught in Christmas tinsel God damn this Nancy's no prize down there either My God, I saw her naked the other day Yeah What a horror It looked like President Taft eating a ribeye steak Well, thank God, yeah Remember that big mustache Please, know the reference Please figure it out I was going to say grand but that was too obvious Very good Do you see the picture in the paper? Yeah, Nancy is kissing you on your 89th birthday this past February Oh my God Look at the shape of her It was like kissing a piece of liver on a stick Jesus She's feeding you the birthday cake too there I see Yeah, she is Yeah, very nice When I hug her it's more like hugging some of those Achilles baby back ribs My God Baby back ribs What a mess Alright, listen And I'm glad I have Alzheimer's Why? Well, if I didn't I might remember that one time in my life my sack didn't look like two bocce balls in a sweat sock Jesus I can walk on water and I'm an airplane Wait Alright, wait Hello Let's bring that up It says and I quote We are afraid that Mr. Reagan might fall He walks around the garden and occasionally may try to stand in the pool Yes You're trying to walk on water sir? I'm Moses Let my people go I'll part the Red Sea and lead my people to Trenton Hello? Yeah, we're here Where were they going? I don't remember Bangkok Bangkok, right With that poor Gerald Ford He tossed my salad and I gave him a rusty trombone Well, oh look, here comes the mothership for mommy Finally taking her back to that home planet of bag of bones with big eyes You're sick man God damn, tip her head back and a pez comes out Yes Well, Mr. Reagan is someone online too that is very pissed off at us for talking to you I guess Yes Would you like to talk to her? Of course It's not that Leonid Brezhnev is it? No, it's not I hated her too Patricia Yeah Hello You're on with the former president of the United States of America Is this Patricia Nixon? No, my name is not Patricia Nixon I just want to say that I really feel bad for you And I'm sorry that you have to put up with such horrific, you know Yes, Nancy you're talking about? No And her big bloated Mardi Gras float head Have you seen that thing? My mother has Alzheimer's Yes And I know the pain that you're suffering You do? Yes I forget about it every day I'm sorry Oh, wait a minute That last liver spot just popped on my face I'm officially black Oh my God You guys are really horrible What are you talking about? You're horrible Yes, you're talking about that Sam Donaldson Because it makes fun of President Reagan We're talking to him We are About Alzheimer's I better be on my best behavior Hello President Reagan Where is he? Why isn't he answering? I heard Trish Nixon say he's on the phone You guys What? That's so mean Hey, do you have a nice ass? Because Nancy's looks like a big head of cauliflower Only paler Hello Do you have a question for Mr. Reagan, Patricia? Yes, I do No Mr. Reagan, tear down that wall I'm confused No, I don't have a question Okay, thank you Patricia You're God damn Wait a minute, wait, Mr. Reagan, you can't curse Okay, well, if, then Okay Wow What a twat I learned some new words I'm listening to this show, the Opie and Anthony show Yeah, you like it? What a couple of ass wipes But well, they're funny All right Yes Well, I guess we're going to let you go, Mr. Reagan, okay? Okay Okay Well, have fun, you know, on your wedding anniversary, 48 years this weekend Or are you guys going to have an intimate night there? Anal sex Anal sex That's what me and Nancy are doing Anal for Ronald Anal sex in the pool Jesus Okay Call me again soon before, well, the year 2000 is over Okay Because I'll probably be dead All right, there he goes Thank you Thank you, the former president of the United States of America Where? In the United States Okay All right, there he goes Thank you Thank you, the former president of the United States of America Where? Where? You, Mr. Reagan Oh Yeah, yeah Oh, that's right, I forget I'm surprised that Nancy hasn't discovered that you're talking on the phone today Well, I believe she's on Venus today Yeah, okay Yes All right, man Goodbye Bye, there he goes Mr. Reagan Jesus Where the hell did Anthony go? All right, anyway, we got to take a break Oh, God damn Oh, I almost missed him again President Reagan, when you were commenting on the fall of communism I want to know what you were Yeah What? He's not on the line anymore God damn You can't hold him until I'm in the You said you were going to take a leak That was 15 minutes ago, you missed it again Well, maybe next time, that's all I could say And look, we have you a little piece of paper with all the questions written down for him and stuff I remember Ford, that transvestite from Bangkok No, no Nailed in 1948 What's he doing with Sam Donaldson's wig glow? No, no Wow, Opie and Anthony God damn geniuses 1027 WNEW Hey Mike, what's going on? You guys watching this Big Brother thing? Oh my God, this is crack How addicting is this, man? This is the newest office distraction they should market it as Don't do any work, just watch Big Brother all day long in your office I can't picture anybody who watched this show last night, Big Brother on CBS CBS, not a commercial CBS And isn't it work right now tuning in to the video feed that they got going? Oh yeah, you have four different video feeds When you get bored with one, you just keep swishing back and forth It's so funny Yeah, and it's full-time This isn't something that they edit down and give you on the internet This is a live video feed of the house Of these ten people that are in a house And they're just stuck in there with each other No TV No nothing No radio No watches Nothing No clocks Not even a deck of cards They are so bored off their asses No phone Talking to each other And you get to hear them and see them on this video feed And I guess every night they're going to have an edited down version of the show Well it's on five nights a week Tonight is, they go live for a half hour The biggest highlight tonight is that they've been working on this song that I've been listening to all day long It sounds pretty stupid Yeah, I know, the whole thing is really going to be a cringe-cringing kind of a eww They're making like a rap song, right? Yeah, something like that, it was just retarded Hey, did you see the girl in her bra? Yeah, that, and did you see them dress up this girl as a Chinese woman? Yeah, yeah The whole office is going hysterical here You see Hopalong Cassidy? Yup Yeah, just the one-legged guy is hopping around He's from Comag, you can't make fun of him Yeah, I think he's a fan of our show, I just have a strange feeling Well you know something, he should get one of those artificial legs Oh yeah, totally Instead of hopping around, because you see him there, he's got the coveralls on with no shirt And he's using the crutches and you just, you can't help but think, oh my god, what do the pads on those crutches smell like? Jesus, that's got to be awful for the other housemates Yeah, last night's show was kind of boring Yeah, well they were setting it up They spent way too much setting this damn thing up, I can't wait to watch tonight, it'll be much better Alright guys Alright man, but Big Brother is, that's the new addiction, huh? Yeah, this thing's pretty unreal Hey, who do you think is going to bang in the house, Mike? I think Cassidy is going to bang the dress up girl today Who's Cassidy? Hopalong Oh, Hopalong? Yeah, just because they feel sorry for him The mom is definitely going to be doing some banging by the end of this Big Brother They feel sorry for him, did you see the guy's girlfriend? Yep She's pretty hot She's very hot The crippled guy is going to win this thing The crippled guy Well the one-legged guy is going to win this thing because everyone is going to feel sympathy toward the guy Hey, good for him, let him win I mean, because we get to vote who leaves the house, they pick two people, what, a week? I'm not sure how it works, maybe two a week or two at the end and then we vote on those two I believe it's two a week, like the house goes, okay, we want one-legged guy off and the wacky next door neighbor guy The wacky next door neighbor guy, the roofer guy And then they'll have some type of phone-in vote and we decide which one goes I don't know, we'll figure it out eventually Alright, George is the wacky neighbor guy He's the guy that he's married, he's got two kids And he just figured he's going to take three months off from his family And he was crying last night when he went into the house He's not crying anymore, he's having a good old time Because now he's hanging out with like a bunch of young people Everyone is having a good old time and the husband that's going to be away from his wife for their anniversary You really think that he cares? That's the wacky guy, that's the wacky neighbor roofer guy That guy's not going to care about missing his anniversary, come on And then Karen is the other married one She is going to be banging Yeah, she's kind of a little weird She left her husband and two daughters And she's in this house now And last I saw about an hour or two ago, she was doing cartwheels in the backyard Yep, she was doing cartwheels laying out in the sun and complaining about how hot it is outside My prediction, Karen, the first one on the show to do anal That's what I think Put me down for 20 bucks Let's see, Jordan is the chick, she's the booby dancer The triathlon slash booby dancer She's a booby dancer Good for her With no boobs I might add Then they got, who's the one guy, Joshua? Who's the gay guy? No, that's Curtis Isn't the gay guy the black man? Curtis is like the Asian guy He's kind of Asian The Asian guy who's in the professional chorus Choir, chorus, whatever And he's just, you know, I was looking at him He does have the gay face as for Spaz I'm reverting to Spaz and saying yes, the gay face Hey, I'm gay Exactly Brittany, Brittany is the, what is she, the one with the pink hair? Yeah, she's the one with the pink ponytail And she's allegedly a virgin She's a virgin Allegedly She's a closet lesbian Yeah, William is the black guy who shaves his head every day And he curses like a mother effer Because I was watching on the internet this morning And he's talking as he's shaving his head And it's just eff this and eff that So he's kind of entertaining He is the first to go Cassand, oh, you think, wait a minute You think William the black guy is going to be the first guy to go? He is the first to go Why is that? Mark my word Why is that? I'm just saying he's the first to go, you'll see Alright Anthony, I'm just, you know, making a comment He's a little too cocky Cocky? As they're closing the door last night he had to jump back out Yeah, yeah Cassandra, the black girl on the show Oh man, I want to get in her pants Really? Yeah You what? She's got some set of candy I like you What about that social beauty black man from Washington? Yeah, well, we'll get to her Cassandra, like they were showing her saying goodbye to her friends and stuff She's in some posh-like townhouse with her friends Very diverse friends, let's say she has She's shopping all on Fifth Avenue Madison Abbe Madison Abbe She comes from some cash I guess And then there's Joshua who's pretty nondescript Which one is he? I don't know The surfer dude from California with the, what was it? The daffy duck smile or whatever They explained him as And Eddie, he's another kind of nondescript guy at this point And then Jamie, the beauty queen with the plastic face Where did she, beauty queen of where? Morris Yeah I wasn't seeing it She's an outer space beauty queen She's self nominated and self crowned She said she was Miss Washington 2000 And they show the clip of her being crowned And it's like, alright, she kind of has that plastic look of a beauty queen from Washington But then they show her now and it's like, she must have ate runner up number one Because something went right to her ass And she was talking with the black guy, William, when they were in the bathroom this morning And William's explaining how a black man shaves his head And the shaving plights of black men and ingrown hairs And she's just kind of standing there watching And you know she wanted to walk away Because it was just like, who cares? And she's questioning him What does that mean, the follicle? He's like, oh, she's about as smart as a box of rocks I'd be looking for her to get tossed out Cripple guy's hopping around again He was making moves on the black girl I'm looking at the gardening cam right now There's two people in the garden They have to grow their own vegetables And there's chickens for eggs and stuff And I were talking We're wondering if one of the guys snuck in some pot seeds, throw it in the garden Throw it in the garden? When can you get pot? Maybe in a month if you're lucky? Yeah, you probably get a little plant You could dry out in the oven or something like that You've got to understand These people have no phone, no TV, no radios, no watches No internet, no papers, no newspapers, no outside interference at all And this is just day one And we've been watching going, oh my God, they're like rats in a maze They're going to go after each other because there's no way you could have nothing to do With this collection of annoying people too There's some really annoying people It's all fun and games right now It's like they're all getting to know each other But it's going to get ugly Give them a week A week? I'd give them a couple days, Ant Give them three days and everyone's going to start killing each other Yeah, then you're going to see people start to really get pissed off Now the whole thing is, like we were saying, I guess they choose two people as candidates to get kicked off Every couple of weeks, is it? It's either every two weeks or maybe it's at the end of the entire show No, no, no, it's like either every week or every two weeks at the most Regardless, every week or two weeks They pick two people and then out of those two people, the audience votes who to kick out So you could be a guy that's nominated by them to be kicked out every week and make it the entire show And I have this thing figured out That's the secret You have to be the most entertaining person to the home audience Forget about pissing off your roomies here I would be the guy that is, oh, oh, it's three o'clock, Anthony's beaten it in the bathroom again I'd be known as like Jerk It guy, you know? Because who in the audience would kick off Jerk It guy? He's the guy that just jerks it every day That entertains you, doing like naked cartwheels in the backyard Yeah, and just like a monkey, I'd be spanking it in the pool And then in the kitchen, and I'm going to town on the kitchen table You would piss off, you would be nominated every single week by your housemates to get kicked off But the audience would go, you can't kick out Jerk It guy Right, yeah, doesn't anyone effing knock anymore? That would be me You can't be Mr. Helpful or Mr. Intelligent Guy Mr. Intelligent Guy? Who cares? You're going to be Mr. Sensitive Guy So the girls are all your friends, and you know what would happen? The guys would kick you out If I was the one-legged guy, I would be just falling constantly Yeah, oh, just falling over And everyone at home, we'd feel so sorry for them We're not going to vote them out of the house I'd be try to get anal guy from the girls And you're just like pinching ass and just being really inappropriate But entertaining as hell to the home audience Sure They would love it I'd be monkey guy just taking craps and throwing it on the wall Like Puck times ten, throwing feces, yeah Like the camera watches you take a dump and you just fling it at the camera lens Get out of my face, I'm spanking guy Look, you're spanking again Who wouldn't love that? Alright Mike, we're going to let you go Alright guys, you suck Thank you How about we get a sketch going? Mr. Jerk-it guy being in the house And what he does is, you know, he's always jerking You know, that'd be funny sketching Jerk-it guy, he's getting in the pool and whatnot And maybe he's the gay guy AJ from Lindenhurst, New Jersey, Anthony Insane, I have six windows open in my computer All four cameras from Big Brother, Instant Feedback and the ONA soundboard This rocks Man, we've come a long way as far as entertainment goes This is what it's all about Really is, I mean Even if this show was on another network I swear to God, I don't want it to sound like we're like, oh, you know I don't think people will hear that I mean, this is just amazing Anthony, let me read a couple more here JP from Jersey Hey, already one of the chicks is complaining She says she doesn't think anyone in the group are responsible enough for the garden What? You know, I would be fraternity guy at this thing Yeah, you know, I'm not doing anything I'll run around naked so, you know, I'm the guy and stuff I'm just going to worry about, you know, how people perceive me on the goddamn, you know, internet F the people that you're living with Who, you want your life in their hands? No, the viewing audience If you're popular and entertaining to the people at home, they will never vote you off And you'll be in there Yeah Being stinky guy You're just smelly guy Someone said the rooms are just those bedrooms that they got They're very small, very, they don't look well ventilated And there's like five beds in each room It's going to smell like farts and feet in like a week Let's go to Anthony, Anthony, what's up? Oh, hey, man I just got to say with this crippled guy, this one-legged guy I hate this son of a bitch Already? Already, because not only is he going to win $500,000, but he's banging that really hot chick Yeah, the hot chick from Germany, his long distance relationship I don't think he's going to win because I think he's annoying I think he's annoying, but he's not good enough for the viewing audience to want to hold on to also He seemed a little bossy He was telling a guy earlier today how, when they should cut the grass and how they should skin the pool afterwards I think he's going to be bossy guy, and that's not entertaining He hasn't smiled yet No He's got that attitude like the world owes him something He brought like a suitcase full of pictures of his chick And he's showing all the other guys in the room pictures of his chick doing underwear modeling ads It's like I'd be like, hey, can I borrow this? I'm Jerk It guy Remember me? I'm Jerk It guy, so I'm going to go in the bathroom right now with a picture of your girlfriend James from Verona, the chicks on Big Brother should have a Lesbo session every night at 8 I thought we were going to see something going when they all went into the room to change into their outfits for the little video And one girl took her pants off and she had little black panties on and then she took her shirt off and she was in a bra So I think boobs aren't far off We're getting close Alex from the Bronx, Anthony, hey O&A, have you noticed that Big Brother is a lot like the Sims? I was seeing that in the back of the office You don't control them, but it's like the Sims, you see them moving around You're just watching Oh look, they're working in the garden Oh, he's swimming CT girl, who do you think the CT girl is going to be? The one that makes it seem like she wants to get laid? Even the wacky neighbor guy seems to think he's going to get laid? The virgin The virgin? Yeah, with the purple hair She's got the wig on right now She'll be CT girl, she just went in the house Who's going to be TF girl? TF girl, the black girl Yeah, whatever that is She's got the TFable tees Yeah, why don't we do that? Hired of the garden cam Why don't we do this? The phones are exploding, everyone has a comment about Big Brother If you're on hold, please stay there, we're going to take a quick break and we're going to go right to the phones next If you want to comment about Big Brother, what you've seen so far, I know it's early on in the game But give us a call, 212-757-1027 Have you ever seen the people that listen to the show? O.B. and Anthony Truthless, drunken, white trash Hi, Donald 1027-W.A.W. We're back checking out BigBrother2000.com Yeah Bill, have you checked out Big Brother yet? No, not yet It debuted last night It's the talk of the country pretty much Yeah, see this here, the video, I got it up on my computer over here It's 10 guys, 10 girls, guys and girls Five each? Yes Five guys, five girls, in a house in LA Cameras everywhere, bathroom, bedrooms, everywhere And they can't leave the house, so it's not like the real world It's on 24 hours a day on the internet and then five days a week on TV, they're doing hour shows So we're just waiting, it's like the first day, so they're all smiling and just met just after a couple of weeks When they start stinking and getting in each other's faces, it should get really interesting And maybe start banging And they don't have a phone, no TV, no computer, there's nothing, no entertainment Basically there's nothing, except them Baggins should be coming out a week and a half, two weeks I don't doubt it I say by the weekend, they start getting like pissed off Look, they're all sitting around in the living room just like, oh now what are they, dancing? How long of that left? Alright, we did the dancing, we went in the pool, we tended to the garden, we all sat and talked And then what? You gotta either screw or fight Right, right And you know how this concept works, Bill? Like once a week or once every 10 days, all the people in the house get together And they pick two people they want out of the house Okay And then it's up to the viewers, you and I, I think they're going to have a phone number And we call in and decide out of those two people they picked, which one should leave the house Okay, and then the other one gets to go back and live with the same people again And maybe get voted out again next week But the thing is, the viewers have to pick who they really want thrown out out of the two people So I would think if you're interesting to the viewer, you would stay in So I would be jerk off Hated by the housemates, right? But loved by the viewing audience because oh my god, we can't vote out jerk off guys Because he's entertaining as hell Who would vote him out? Right, because a bunch of these people, they're just, they're being intellect Where is he going to leave it now? Today, you know? Where's J.O. Guy going to leave it today? I swear to god, I would run around this house just doing it everywhere Living room, kitchen, shoes It's like oh my god, it's on my shoe It would look like that scene out of Turner and Hooch Where the dog shakes his head Damn, is that good? I just stole it from Bill I'd be throwing feces guy How would the viewing audience vote out throwing feces guy? No way! You're at work, you're checking out this whole mess on the internet You see a guy throwing feces all over the house Why the hell would you vote him out? Now the housemates, every week you'd be up for one of the guys to get thrown out Right They can't throw out J.O. Guy I wouldn't shower the whole time I was there Stinky J.O. fece guy Oh my god, imagine they come out one morning, you know, the birds are chirping They go out into the backyard, the sun's in their eyes, so they're squinting They kind of rub look, just to see you smiling, waving and peeing in the pool Hey, what's up? How you doing? Morning! As if I'd be jumping on the furniture throwing feces Why not? Like you get on the couch and do that thing that chihuahuas do to scratch their butt All naked The poodle shuffle The poodle shuffle J.O. Guy sneaks up on sleeping housemates Come on! Now that's entertainment But right now instead we've got the one-legged guy talking to the Asian gay guy Yeah, I can already convince the Asian guy's gay by the way I got this camera shot that someone sent me from this show where I got four cameras in one So I'm kind of looking, see? You can check out all the shots they got for very good But still nothing like what was going on earlier with a teen girl sitting there Hello? Carrie, what's going on? What's up man? Hey listen, alright, this virgin on the show is going to drive me absolutely out of my mind What do you guys think is going to happen with her? The pink haired one? Yeah The virgin's not going to get laid. I think the housewife's going to get laid Yeah, I was thinking that too I think gay guy is going to get stumped by the one-legged guy What do you call it? I'm not a racist or anything but I really think that they should put the two black people up first or whatever I think it's politically incorrect Yeah, I think the black guy's going to be the first voted out of this place You think so? You know, how could they vote off somebody if let's say he was an anal rape guy You know, the rest of the house would just be in fear, they wouldn't even sleep And it would add to the tension and the video would be great at night because you'd watch them walking around like cowering in the corner Because anal rape guy is walking around I would just be, guy, anal rape guy Yeah, anal rape guy I would just be psychopath guy, I'd have that glassy stare and just walk around the house with a knife Okay Not say a word Not say a word, don't threaten anyone, just have the knife in that far away look in your eye and just keep walking around the house Or just pace back and forth with the knife cursing under your breath I'm going to get them Out of my face Cookie guy Let's go to Joe, Joe you're next on NAW, talking about Big Brother, Joe let's go If I was going to be on that show, every time I took a dump I wouldn't flush because the camera focuses right on the bowl Oh yeah, that's right, there's a camera right over the toilet bowl They said they're not going to use it for people going to the bathroom, it's just if some people decide to use that as their private area They're going to flip the camera on But yeah, sometimes they just go to it, so there's a big load in the bottom of the toilet I would just throw some Snickers bars in there, smear some on the seats for that, throw them in the pool It's not so bad, throw them in the pool Just J.O. Gott How's that? You're just taking a leak on their vegetables You come out, they have chickens for eggs, you just have exactly one of the chickens Hey, I've got to get some No, you just chopped the head off the chicken, wouldn't you? They keep telling me not to do it every day I can't believe it in one guest's bed, the chicken head Yeah, who's going to vote him out? The entire cast would, but no viewers would vote that Of course Come on Instead you've got these people trying to impress each other with their anything I'm going to try to make it being the guy that helps out, or I'm going to be the intellectual guy I'm going to be the guy that vacuums the pool No, you've got to be chicken effort guy Boring Chicken effort guy doesn't get voted out Every day, you've got another chicken on your jock Jason What's up guys? Hey Jason, what's up? I have to say, I definitely have to go with the phantom crapper guy Phantom crapper guy? Maybe leave a little floater in the pool or something when no one's looking Yeah, you've got to do something outrageous to get our attention if we're going to be checking this out on the internet Alright, you've got stuff Thank you, Jason You've got to be the guy, because remember Puck on the real world, he was the guy that was obnoxious They voted him out of the house because he was obnoxious If they got to vote out two people and then the audience selected, do you think Puck would have been voted out? No No, because he was the obnoxious guy that you tuned in to see call the other one Chubbs The real world sucked after they voted him out So if you're outrageous, believe me, the guy that you get to know his name without even having to see his picture That's who's going to win this I'm Anthony, Timmy from Iowa checking in Timmy! Syndication Underground working obviously today Hello to everyone all over the country Where is he? Iowa Iowa! That's very illegal That's all gee and whatever else goes on in this studio That was an impression, Trey The Chinese guy said he was gay before, Anthony No, he didn't That's what Timmy from Iowa is saying, maybe on today's show Because I saw last night he said he had dated and had a girlfriend My girlfriend's name is Bill For Bob Let's go to Bill Yo, what's up guys? Hey Bill Yeah, I want to get on the show and beat Tourette's guy He's running around cursing non-stop Just walk around with a tick Bounce people off the walls Alright, thank you Bill Sock on the penis guy Just walk around with a sock on Marcy, you're next Take a dump at the shower guy I would vote off the guy with the one leg Because I don't think anybody's going to vote him off Even if he does something really outrageous Because what's going to happen Everybody's going to end up feeling sorry for him No, I think he's too bossy and I think that'll get him to the top Oh, I think he's obnoxious I think he's just obnoxious I can do anything with one leg Yeah, I know All he's doing is hopping around the backyard all day long It's so sick How many hours did you check this out today at work? I checked it out only for half an hour But last night I watched the whole intro And it was just so obnoxious And they all looked, they were all smiling and all American And it's like Northgating Oh, you wait You wait, exactly It's got to get to the point where they're just going shit I would just vote out with the guy I would just vote the guy with one leg out Because he's going to get the pity vote Everybody's going to say, oh, we can't vote him out But you know, he's going to end up being the most obnoxious I have a very strong feeling How about put my sack on the bridge of your nose as your sleep guy? Now who would vote that guy out? No one How entertaining would it be if the people every night they went to sleep Wouldn't know if they would wake up and some guy's yam bag would be on the bridge of your nose Jim, what's going on? Always has a stiffy guy Hey, Jim Hey, O&A Hey, Jim, what's up? I got a good one here I think somebody should put Viagra and everybody's water one night on the show Would you have anything at the zone? Yeah, that'd be pretty cool The sitcom guy just got out of the pool The neighbor guy, the married older guy He just got out of the pool We call him the wacky neighbor The black guy is the big thing, he's shaving his head every day So he looks good for the ladies And the beauty queen who's got a chin like Jay Leno And uses makeup by spackle I'd be Haka Lugi on the ceiling guy and see who it falls down on See, that's good Steve says from Jersey he would be fake epilepsy guy Getting some sympathy How about just simple fart guy? You just walk around the house Hey, how you doing? No, nice to meet you Where you from? New York? New York? Good, that's great I think maybe we have a lot in common And make believe nothing's going on Yeah, just fart around the house Phil, what's up? Hey, how you doing guys? Great How about being cross-dressing guy? Just going in in all the women's clothes Just put them on and walk around the house Who's going to vote that guy off? Nobody would vote that guy off Yeah, very good Alright How about like every day Every day you go into the bathroom and just Oh God Oh my ball Can I get in there? Oh my God What a great concept though They've been talking for like 10 straight hours Yeah, that's what it is They've been just talking And you know when you go to a party You've been to some 10-hour parties 12-hour parties where you're just hanging talking with people First few hours are cool Right, and then when you leave after 10 or 12 hours It's like oh cool, it's nice to be home or go to sleep or something These people have nowhere else to go Right So they're just going to hang out and talk And then you know what's going to happen? There's going to be that silence Like the lull They've already talked about their lives to each other Alright, so What do you want to do now? Let's go into the bedroom for a while Yeah No Rick, you ass You can't be Show me your C guy Jesus Danielle from New York I would be the used tampon in the fridge girl Yeah, the girls could do stuff too Chris from Grunge, Connecticut I want to be random leg humping guy Gonzo from wherever I'd be the skid mark guy Phantom teabag guy How about not wash my booty for three months, girl? Mike from Jersey How about right on the walls and blood guy? How about shave my yam bag at the breakfast table guy? That's a good one Shave my yam bag At the breakfast table guy Leave your schlong print in the ice cream guy Imagine, or in any soft thing like butter or the cream cheese They just open up the fridge and there's your schlong print They got it all wrong Who's going to kick that guy out? Mike, what's up? Hey, how about try to orally pleasure yourself guy Get closer and closer as time goes on Yeah, everyone else is having a normal conversation on the couches And you just bend over backwards and try to get a go And don't even know what you're trying to do, you know? Have sex with the roomies pillow guy You'd be garrin' every time You'd be miffing tea to $500,000 prize You'd be in it right at the end But instead of just sitting around talking Talking? Who cares? You've got to get started, you've got to get away from the crowd That's how race car drivers win You pull away from the crowd You have to make yourself stand out These people are just sitting there talking I'd be pick and flick guy And from White Blades Tulio from New York And King Gimp guy And just flop around and eat off the floor But come on, you wouldn't vote that guy out, right? I'd put a hundred pubes in the soap guy You can't punch the girl in the sea guy I'd just walk around giving an uppercut I said uppercut Daniel, what's up? We're laughing I got the perfect cast member Never ever get kicked off the show They'd probably give her a spin-off That would be a bisexual nymphomaniac chick Bi nympho chick Just lesbo sex the whole time Definitely She'd never give her a spin-off She'd have the longest running series Thank you The chicks should just go into a room Where there's no one around And just start flashing the camera Just start teasing the internet audience What's hanging out of my intimate skirt? Walking around the place with a joy skirt And a spatula Yeah, you ain't getting kicked out I'm married Fantastic Well, you get the point Yeah, I think we do That would be the way to win this damn show Mole guy Spends all the time digging tunnel holes in the backyard Drink urine guy I would just be out of my mind guy I would just do wacky off wall crap Keep them guessing Taking dumps on plate guy What's he going to do this week? Or wipe with another guy's towel guy Take a leak in the corner Wiping and roll it back up guy Use rubber and the mayo jar guy That's awesome They're laughing out there Golden shower guy Cleveland steamer on the glass table guy Shave your anal hair in the cake And explain why guy That's Ryan Listening from Chicago, Opi Hello Chicago Just as simple as hand down the pants guy Just walk around all the time with your hand down the pants Leave a batch in the pool guy We're running another bit into the ground Bobby, what's up? I got one for you guys I wanted to be Chop Stumpy's other leg off guy That's horrible Thank you They're all funny Ray, what's going on? I got one How about steal the girls panties And then try to guess by the smell when the next cycle is guy You guys drive me this stuff You got to be as outrageous as possible Have a good day guys Thank you Ray Put my head through random wall guy Walk around the house And occasionally put your head through a random wall That would work Sculpt my feces into other members of the gas And leave it on respective pillow as peace offering guy Spread sack with thumb and forefinger Walk around the house screaming, oh my god a bat guy Alright Bill, disappearing hamster guy They don't have hamsters Unload on a flat surface and smash it with an encyclopedia guy Alright, we got to take a break I guess Yeah We should take a little break and move on with other things God damn, some of these lessons have got some funny funny stuff I'm sorry but we got to go back to this bit Tulio from New York again I'd be mysterious rash guy and show everyone my rash and ask what they think it is Some guy from Jersey I'd be the, what are we going to do about this guy? Alright, Mike from Rockville Centre's hump the turkey guy And then Justin from Long Island play helicopter with my wang guy Imagine that guy Waka waka waka Look at me That's funny Lighten my farts guy Alright Like a mark Well they are in there for three months So you got to figure all the girls will have to go through three cycles You could be find the girls tampon guy and then hide it guy Make wind chimes out of the tampon By the pool Hang a towel on my junk and walk around guy Pull a two of the week with pliers guy Stain from Jersey, that's a good one You wouldn't get voted out Crap his pants and doesn't care guy Laughing 212-757-1027 Hello Hopey and Anthony One is funny, one is sex I hated my grandma, I hated my grandma, I hated my grandma 1027-WNEW I'm even better than that dad, I lost his face We need to gather more information about this new planet Don, you take my 16 year old blonde daughter out in the chariot for the rest of the day Penny, you stay here with me And Will, you and the robot go out into the uncharted wilderness and take this mincing boy hungry pedophile with you Be quiet sir Oh you're very naughty Yes sir dear That was on Family Guy right? Family Guy, yeah I was watching that That's Dan's bitch Well, I'm open minded enough to realize that a lot of people over the years have goofed on Lawson's face And the fact that Dr. Smith was banging young William or something I heard Lawson's face never really happened It was all a fitment of imagination I'm not going to sit and cry Anthony what's up? I got to say Regis today was the funniest thing Because this whole thing comes out with him as don't hit some other chick like 8 years ago And now he's just uncomfortable on his own show Yeah, aww, you know why? Because it's all true In the paper He had to deal with his wife and everything Aw you know that's, he's denying it, his lawyers are denying it Everyone's denying it but you know something? If it's in the paper like this And this woman says she has her diary and dates and there's pictures of them together I'm willing to believe it When you put yourself out there When you put yourself out there, you know people, I can't believe it Gelman They caught me, years later they caught me I couldn't stand it, fantastic You know when you're there with Joy for so many years And a voluptuous cheerleader comes up You got to bang her Gelman Who wants to bang a cheerleader? I do Yeah I know Well if you read She's got a hot little body on her too, you see the picture in the post? My god she's got some tan She's sunning herself with those huge firm boobs Well she put on a little bit of weight from her younger days But it seems to have all gone to the right spots She's definitely doable still though Antony She's got like the big boobs and there's Regis picture of him next to her Look I'm laughing They didn't have intercourse is what she's saying Which I'm remembering now when the whole Monica Lewinsky thing went down Yeah, went down With Clinton and they were talking about it on live with Regis and Kathy Lee And Regis always looked a little squirmy as they were talking about it And everybody thought it was because you know Regis doesn't want to get really deep into that kind of thing And it embarrasses him But the truth of the matter is he was in the same boat There's the married guy getting oral and giving oral It looks like they were doing a little 69 And saying that it isn't sex That's a visual idea And it wasn't cheating To have in my brain I love it I got buried, buried my head in that, in the there I can't believe you're dumb and you gotta move your head all around Get your face involved Come on My tongue is numb We know how to eat it Just grab a hold of that then Now shake it like a pom-pom you bitch Shake it I guess she was a what a cheerleading coach It just says the Buxom ex cheerleader Maria Majarek Yeah Back in 1991 B aggressive, B E aggressive Let's read some of her diary shall we? I guess she didn't do well on her SATs either October 27th, 1991 I met him in his dressing room He was nice enough to take a picture with me There you go, the first little encounter And then a few days later, November 1st Wow, oh she says wow Ripping us off, you wouldn't believe this Regis called He's so fun to talk to Such a domer, I guess Notre Dame fan That was only a couple days later So I guess she slipped him her phone number For him to call And they talked And then April of 92, a few months later After a Notre Dame basketball team played in a New York tourney He kissed me that day, ooh I was startled by it I was both flattered and intimidated I was exhilarated by the fact of who he was I'm Regis Look at me I grab you and I'm going to shove my tongue down your throat You whore Come on, suck it And then two months later in June After a trip to New York to talk with a publisher about a book on cheerleading A book on cheerleading Wow, we went back to his office And before I knew it, he had his arms around me and kissed me It was great Yeah Suck it I love it Well, she came in with those huge cans You see Joy? She's a stick figure I need something with thighs to press against my ears, Gelman Rah rah, sith boom bah, stick it in my face, you whore About four months later after an October 8th football game in South Bend As soon as I walked in the door, he was all over me I'm a mad man Look at me, I couldn't hold myself back It's amazing Defense She had none How could you defend against the Regis member? You just want it I pulled out my junk She went at it like my *** contained oxygen and she was drowning That old cat That's in the diary? No, no It says, yeah, he was all over me We did every intimate thing two lovers can do except intercourse It might seem strange, but we were both married And we felt we weren't really committing adultery if we didn't have actual intercourse Oh, hello Well, come here Come into my room I'll just get... Oh, there you go Let me unleash this Yeah, little prison lube I learned that from Gelman Now Suck it, you whore Okay, Joy, it's okay, it's not intercourse For $32,000 What is sex without being intercourse and not cheating? Aural Suck it You need a lifeline? Here's one, it's in my pants And then after their last tryst in the fall of 93 Wow, so that went from 91 to 93 Couple of years, Regis got hold of me and told me I'm in room such and such So I guess she went to his room We were very passionate as always and stayed together for hours He really made me feel like a woman All right, now put two and two together there He made her really feel like a woman I do believe he's good at the aural Without intercourse, right Yeah You gotta dig it You can't be afraid, Gelman You gotta get in there, use it all Oh, I love it And you love it You missed the best quote Where's that? Regis had me stripped naked and put my fur coat back on Where's that? He loved that coat We made love, it was pure raw raging sex Wait, that sounds like intercourse Lots of kisses everywhere and very passionate We didn't have intercourse, everything but I'm like the GIF I wanted to give her anal, but I couldn't Cause that would be wrong That would be cheating So I just dug in I dug in like she was a ball of Captain Crunch Crunch You think he did Boogaloo-Galoo when he was Digging for the pearl? I was digging Eating, eating, cheating Right, Gelman Eating, eating, cheating Let me get in the canyon here Hello Yodel-od-od-ay-hee-hoo Look at me I dive in head first I got my old head in here, Gelman It's huge It's like a cathedral Boogaloo-Galoo, I'm over here now Give me a snorkel I'll be down here for hours Alright bitch, now your turn Suck it Suck it Alright, time to go Look what I did to you again You cheerleader whore So it seems, who would think? Could you picture that? The girl's looking down and seeing Regis How you doing? Hello, how's it feel? Well tell me Put on the coat You put on that coat you whore Put it on Yeah, so that's why he looked kind of squirmy I guess When they would talk about that whole thing I wonder if Cathy Lee knew And they talked about it Well there's a couple of things in the story She also has in the diary Regis telling her how much she hated Cathy Lee And how she talked about the kids Oh really? Well that's a given So that's in there Well yeah, I guess it is a given Okay, now get around back This is called the Rusty Trombone I love it I'm gonna, I'm gonna Let me dig in here And I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you a thumb Is that cheating? Do you think both Regis and Frank gave anal to the same chick? Kevin wants to know He took the back door I took the front We played cards on our back Yeah Dudes with toots I think every time we open our mouths we're pissing someone off Opie and Anthony We're out of control, we're so wacky Alright, knock it off 1027 WNEW Anthony, you got a great instant feedback here Yes From Martin Jersey This morning I was flipping through the channels And I passed by MSNBC Yeah While Mr. Imus was on Imus made his return to radio this morning Yeah, I heard about that The guy is so feeble now that he wears oxygen to do his show Why doesn't the guy put his other foot in the grave? Let me tell you something We do want to welcome Mr. Imus back to the radio airwaves But yeah, I saw the same thing this morning It was a mess Yeah, perhaps you should start slow And just maybe do the radio show And wait on the CNBC thing until at least There's no medical equipment in the studio Right I don't think it's a good thing to turn on a radio show On the TV And see medical equipment If you want to see a freak show Turn on MSNBC tomorrow morning This is what I saw I was flipping around And I didn't even know he came back today And I'm like, oh, Imus, rerun, whatever And I realized quickly that it wasn't rerun Because he was talking about Roger Clemens being bald to Mike Piaz's head Okay What you saw on TV was Imus He hasn't shaved in about four weeks So really scraggly, gray beard The gray beard, yeah Tasty white skin, really thin in the face, okay Losing weight being in the hospital, sure Wrinkles all over his face The biggest cowboy hat I've ever seen A big giant fag cowboy hat It doesn't even fit his head It's just huge, okay He's got sunglasses on And the cowboy hat is pretty much hiding his whole face As he's trying to do radio this morning And he looks up And just like that guy said on the instant feedback He has breathing tubes in his nose You know when you see like grandpa in the hospital He's got plastic breathing tubes in his nose And the rubber tube goes over your ears And to an oxygen tank Right, that's how he was doing his show today No, you know That's how he was doing his show today Oh my God See, now no one would know this if it was just the radio Right Why would you agree to that? God forbid something happens to us And you know, we have to come back on the radio Let's say they're broadcasting a show on TV Would you ever agree to have your, you know, sick face on the tube while you're recuperating? Bernard, will the gurney up to the microphone Could you do that? Yeah, yeah, yeah It's 7 o'clock on the Imus in the Morning program Hey, McCord, check my pulse So, do you see the, that, that, that, that, that Wait a minute, I'm feeling a little fibrillation Bernard, Bernard, get the paddles 7 o'clock on the Imus in the Morning program Could someone dial up my oxygen a little bit And I need a bigger fag cowboy hat Some of my, my neck fat is turning green I need the bandana Wait, do you see the, the, the 7 o'clock on the Imus in the Morning program What's, so what was I saying? What was I saying? Did you see the met Yankee games? Yeah, I think you were talking about Roger Clements, Beam, and Mike Piazza I'm in perfect health McCord, grab the paddles 7 o'clock on the Imus in the Morning How the hell am I supposed to do a program when I'm dying? Moby Worm coming to get you, baby You see the bandana I have around my neck? Yes, I do It's hiding a trach tube And my big fag cowboy hat is hiding a power generator that's keeping my heart going Why does my equipment keep turning off? Your equipment is malfunctioning, Mr. Ivers Bill, what's going on? Bill? Hey, what's up? Hey I was wondering if the whole new oxygen tube, that's called the nasal cannula But I was wondering if that was one of the props for his characters Because doesn't Imus use characters? Mr. Imus uses characters Yeah, Mr. Imus uses characters Did you see that this morning? No, no, I got a radio show with the breathing tubes, man That's got to be a real drag This is brutal It is brutal It was kind of sad to watch Maybe he's practicing for like a telethon or something Send your money into the Imus in the morning get well program Yeah, all right, so you want to talk about Clemens, you said, Mr. Imus Yeah, yeah Okay And I think it was a bean ball Yeah, I think it really, you know, shut up You're getting me all upset Get the paddles, Bernard, get the paddles That feels better I think I'm back on rhythm Where's my horse? Destiny, come on, Destiny Baby Someone shoot that goddamn horse Whoa, Destiny Thank you Goddamn, only five minutes into my program I've already had to be revived five times Uh-oh, what the hell's that? Double heartbeat Someone shock me, Bernard, grab the paddle McCord, grab the paddle, you jerk Someone please help me Oh, that's better Imus in the morning, 7.07 Goddamn, this is painful I'm truly a shock job You're going to shock me every goddamn five minutes Just to keep me alive, baby Yeah Hold, Destiny Yeah, baby Well, that's lung coming against you Packing up my big bag cowboy hat head out west Gonna try to ride a horse with my brother He says some salsa, baby Destiny And then I'm gonna get bucked off And crack some ribs Shock me Oh, baby Yeah Snake some boobs down my nose, baby Why the hell is a 60-year-old man on a horse? Oh, shock me, Bernard, Bernard I've got this cockle for you I wanna be a cowboy, baby Someone check my colostomy, man Cowboy, baby Yeah, my jaw's wired, Chuck Cowboy, baby Riding at night and laying in the hospital for two weeks Yeah Whoa Mr. Imus, Mr. Imus Oh, you're there Oh, hell, my equipment went off Oh, my God, I just noticed those MSNBC cameras around I didn't get to hear his show this morning It was, it was painful I'll tune in now tomorrow just to see Yeah, I encourage him with the tube I encourage everyone to tune in tomorrow Check out Imus with the breathing tubes trying to do a radio show Yeah, it's a prop act It's a prop act now, yeah He looks like Mr. Burns They act like A-hole braggarts And we are the best 1027 Now, stop it! Don't try on me WNEW There was an article in the paper today Hollywood just freaking out Because they see what's going on with Napster and everyone burning their own CDs and stuff They don't want the same thing to happen with DVDs Oh, it'll happen once I guess there's what? There's code on the DVDs or something And there's supposedly programs out there or websites that you can go to and figure out how to get rid of the coding Yeah, and you could download full movies off the internet It sucks now because the bandwidth problems, it's hard to transfer that much information It's just not as easy as doing the music thing, right? But music was almost impossible just a year ago Maybe six months ago They're coming up with new ways to compress this stuff and get it across And before you know it, sure Real-time movies will just be, you know, you'll do what you do on Napster You hop on a site, you pop in an actor or a movie title or director or something And all these choices of movies will come up, you punch down on it And there it is You burn it to a disc, you pop it in your DVD player And there you are, watching a movie at home Who does that screw? Everyone Blockbuster, Hollywood, F'em all F'em all! I love this! Speaking of movies, you got a nice little present today from Steve C Yes! Got a thanks, Steve C, from FoundryMusic.com The Jaws DVD I heard you guys talking about that the other day, so I figured I'd... I watched it last night Eyes rolled back, lifeless eyes like a ghost I was laughing because they were doing the whole autopsy on the doc scene Oh yeah, where they cut it over there This is amazing, because I got the speech pretty close But Anne's got it word for damn word Oh, the mayor? Yeah, do the mayor That was the mayor Look fellas, let's be reasonable This is not the time nor place to perform some kind of a half-assed autopsy on a fish And I will not stand by while you cut that thing open And watch that little Kittner boy spill out all over the doc Little Kittner boy That's good, Anthony I want them strung up by their Buster Browns He's the best, the mayor's the best And the greatest part We might have to get some mayor clips from Jaws Yeah, we should I love when the mayor finally realizes that there is a shark problem And Brody gets him to sign the paper And he's just in the hospital all... I thought it was... The beach... Brody... He's all screwed up and everything, just wandering around I can't wait to see this, I'm definitely going to watch this tonight It was cool, it was definitely cool And what have they got on here besides? Making of, there's like an hour-long making of The making of was a lot of fun They show you how antiquated that old shark was Yeah, mechanical No digital enhancement there It just shows you, because we... All of the movies that are being released now have these elaborate digital effects And this thing was this huge rubber shark Yeah, it was a huge machine on this huge metal pulley contraption And it would sink every time They put it in the water, it didn't work for the first three months of production You know, and I was watching Jaws last night and I was looking really close to the shark God, when did that come out? 75, right? You did a damn good job, it still holds up to the test of time That damn shark Huh, the little video game doesn't though No, no, remember that? The little kid playing the video game? Yeah, no Shark attack or something Little cartoon shark The making of is really interesting You know the shark cage? You know that was a midget in there? Yeah, they put a midget in the shark cage Did you know that? I had no idea And so that way the sharks that were swimming by would look bigger They would look just absolutely new He was playing Hooper Hooper, ain't you watching it? Now I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their boss, Cabral I love that guy We gotta get the Mayor drops for our radio show That's our latest project Used to swimming with both lady women Don't drink that Alright Get city hands from counting money all your life So Ann, you'll enjoy that Jaws DVD It's right up your alley Yes, you want to talk about the Jaws exhibit at Universal Land How lame is the Universal Studios tour at Jaws? The whole tour is pretty lame No, the whole tour blows You get on these trams if you've never done this I think everyone's done it at some point in their life If you've ever been to California or what's even worse than the California one At least the California one, I think they actually used some of the sets I don't even believe that Like the car from Back to the Future Back to the Future? Yeah, yeah, yeah That obviously isn't the one that was here Oh yeah, that's the Blues Brothers car I believe that On the Universal lot, they did have Leave it to Beaver's House In California Now I think, Steve, do you know anything about that? I took that tour actually last October In California or in Florida? In California Okay, and I think a lot of those sets were used Sure They got like the facade from Psycho Yeah, they got the Psycho With the little motels down below and stuff It's not like these full-blown houses No, we know that It's just the fronts Oh, and boy, the tram driver doesn't let you forget that These of course are called façades As we drive around the back of the house, you'll notice that Oh, look, no walls I guess June Cleaver couldn't get dressed in here Which means false front façade And now the Jaws exhibit Look, and here we are in the lovely town of Amity There it is And look, there's the fisherman out there You catch anything? Oh my God, what's happened to him? His boat turned over and he didn't even move His legs didn't flail or nothing He just turned right over and still holding his fishing pole And then he got sucked into the water And then he got sucked into the water Oh my God, oh, and we're heading right for him in our tram Gee, we're really scared Because you can see Jaws' head You see the Jaws' head right under the surface of the water Not moving until that big machine behind them pushes them right towards our tram Those of you to the left might want to get your cameras ready for this Very spontaneous opportunity It wasn't even working the day we went No The tram just kind of drove by It just saw the limp Jaws just sitting there out of the water It's like, oh, great Now we're turning down New York Street Which is an exact replica of New York City Yeah, full Yeah, full Not even close Exact replica We're the Nigerians Yeah, the funny thing is Rick was one of the tour guides at Universal Studios He used to do that Do you remember any fun lines? Yeah Okay, here I got to hear some of the real ones How many times a day did you have to do this? Five times a day Five times a day Basically once an hour 25 times a week All the rooms loaded on the tram Let's hear Okay, let me get in the mood I'm sitting in the tram Universal Studios, I've been in a hot line for like two hours Waiting with screaming kids And I'm finally on the tram And here's Rick to entertain us And what kind of fun? Cast your mind We're in California Okay, we're in California Oh, God Come on, come on Rick, you remember You remember Yeah, take that off so it's more like it was All right, welcome aboard to Universal Studios Hollywood Super Tram presented by Texaco You dick The Super Tram presented by Texaco, is it? I want to go back My tool Universal Studios tour guide I'm your tour guide, Rick Did you say that? Come on, give it to us I love it No, I wasn't a tour guide It was a studio guide I'm Rick, I'm going to be your studio guide And Bob here is your driver Give us a few to the horn, Bob I'm so excited to be here, this is great I got my camera ready I want to hear everything our studio guide, Rick, has to say So don't be talking, I got my disposable camera ready And I'm on my way I want to see the psycho house I'm on my honeymoon What? As we come up through Five Points, Texas You'll notice that the doors on one side of the street Appear to be larger than the doors on the other side of the street Why is that? Well, that's because back in the 20s and 30s When they were making a lot of westerns Some of the actors weren't as tall as they should have been I'm going to try these actors This is the speed This is the speed And you sit there like, oh this is ponderous Every time Ponderous And of course if you ever see one fly through one of those windows Don't worry, because they can pick it up and eat it Because those windows are made with sugar Do we have the bus sound over there somewhere? Where's the bus sound, Rick? I got to get the whole thing, I'm almost feeling it Like I was there This is great That's amazing that he remembers that I'm starting to have flashbacks Yeah, I remember the whole thing Okay, Pookie Dude, it was horrible Horrible Alright, let's pull away now from the western street Here we go And our little tram And as we pull away from 5.6 Don't laugh We'll be coming up on a small town you might know as Amity Loser Now the music would start, right? Yeah, then we would have a little thing with a soundtrack So you could play different music for different sections Right So you go through Amity And we see Bob Hey Bob, how's the fishing today? Uh oh, there goes Bob Oh, the chicks will eat this up They'll snap and think it's all horse dog Well, as we make our way around, we'll let somebody know that Bob's having a problem Oh, what was that? And then the shark comes up And starts like chomping at the side of the thing Right And water spewing out Yeah, I remember that But then it's real believable when Jaws backs up Yeah, yeah, if you look behind you You see Jaws backing up into his original position Now what about maybe the Battle Star Galactica portion? Do they have that? The little tunnel? Yeah, what else do you remember? Oh, the tunnel Oh, the tunnel, yeah Actually, we more or less talked about it as it was the You might remember this tunnel from the six million dollar man when he ran after Bigfoot And you know that wasn't the tunnel they used It's been on that damn tram ride And then the King Kong The King Kong ride The King Kong part, right? They had the earthquake too with the Wasn't that with King Kong? The whole King Kong was on there too You come into the studio, they open up the doors And then it closes behind you Now we're in New York Tell us about the flood that comes down the hillside Oh, yeah And then the water opens up from the Ten Commandments Alright, that Well, the flood is earthquake Right, right Alright So we pull into stage 54 I think Yes Which was a two-story stage One of the only One of its kind There we go And as we pull in Are you stoned, Mr. Guideman? You're laughing an awful lot My young son here is saying you're stoned Well, don't worry, Hiroki This thing will get very interesting in a minute Okay As you see, they've been doing some filming here That's why you see some of the sets that have been set up And that was always a line of crap too They would never film on the tram line, would they? Um That's retarded Actually, no, they did do filming for like the What was it? Beverly Hills Count 3 The real bad one Yeah When you see like the Battlestar Galactica Yeah, because it was supposed to be on the tour So of course it was going to be filmed But none of them actually I remember the first time I was on it They go, and look, running in the background That's Rock Hudson For his Joe McMillan and wife Like what? Crazy crap There's Peter Falk Filming Columbo Here at Universal So now we're in the earthquake stage Yes And that's when the doors close You know, this is where we're doing some filming today What was that? That was just a little rumble Those are tremors We get those all the time in California A clever ruse Yeah, because then all of a sudden it becomes like this big shaking thing The truck from the top comes down Yes, and bursts in a flame Right And then the water comes and it floods it all out And it's like, driver, get us the heck out of here What the heck, because you can't turn Wouldn't you just be like, oh my God Oh my God Holy Ed They were telling you you can't do that Because some of the people will actually freak out Oh, you should have done that Ladies and gentlemen, this isn't fake Please get out of the tram and run towards the flaming truck that just fell And all the working machinery Run for your life, Hiroshi Let's get in, Jimmy Jimmy, what's going on? How you doing, guys? We're doing well I've actually done that tram ride myself And it was pretty damn lame, I have to say But there was one piece of that whole thing that made me turn white as a ghost What? You guys remember the bridge? The collapsing bridge Let our tour guide run us through the collapsing bridge, if you would please Now, as we come around to this bridge You'll notice it's one of the oldest bridges here On the Universal Studios back lot In the 1920s And it looks a little freaky, but we're going to try and speak across it right now I remember that Oh, jeez As we come across, then the trick is to keep talking like nothing's going on And all of a sudden the bridge drops Oh, yeah, yeah Because a couple of pieces of lumber kind of fall as you're rolling up to it And you get right on it And the bridge kind of drops a couple of feet if you look It's probably like six inches And then as you come off and go That's just part of our falling bridge I've seen this on the Six Million Dollar Man 4 at the Bionic Woman Remember when she jumped backwards, but her hair was going up while she was going down? How do they train you for that, man? That's what I want to know Dude, it was an intense four-week course Really? Four weeks With a book about six inches thick that you had to memorize verbatim All for $5.50 an hour Well, it's all struggling actors anyway Right, right, they were going to make their mark So they couldn't care less who they got because everybody's just like, Oh my God, I'm going to be working in a Hollywood studio Oh, a Hollywood studio? You're on the tramp or? I'm getting churros for a buck fifty less than the other guys Churros We pass our bungalows How about the bungalows? That's bungalow fifty-four He knows it all This is where Lucille Ball would stay While she was getting banged by Fred Renner You should just lost your mind and just read the whole thing That would be great, you know? That would be hilarious Run for your life, people! Let's see, what else was there? Oh, this is a favorite The Chinks love this one too Oh my God If they could understand you As we come up, this is what is known as, what was it called? It was where they did all the horror movies But I forget the exact name of it And you'd be like, right through those walls That's where the hunchback of Notre Dame came walking through And that's where we first saw Dracula And if you look up there right now, there's one right now Wave to them everybody, it's the Invisible Man Oh, that old guy Wave, wave! And everyone would be waving All the rooms That's the Invisible Man Oh, she got everybody with the cameras going, where is he? Where is he? Click, click, click, click Did you just want to shoot some of those people? Did you want to shoot yourself? I just want to shoot myself And then of course we get to Anthony's favorite part of the Universal That's where Moses parted the Red Sea Oh, it looked just like it did in the movie It's like a fountain you drive through, it's a freaking fountain It's pretty pathetic Many gallons of water had to be used and pumped out of this Did you have to do the tour during Gay Day, Rick? I don't think they had a Gay Day when I was in the Universal Gay Day That's Disney Look, Rick feels at home talking into his little megaphone But the funniest part is, can you totally picture Rick doing this? Yeah, with a big smile on his face wearing a Universal Studios uniform The name tag, it's the only time in my life I've ever worn a name tag And wasn't there a break that you took, like where you got out of the tram and went into the props, the little sound stage and walked through it and then got back on the tram? Oh, no, no, no, they stopped that like two years before I got there And then there were people pilfering the props I remember they would just parade a bunch of people through these things and like, and this, you might recognize, this lion or this jaguar figure was used in Back to the Future, next to the big clock on the clock They actually charge extra for that now When I was there they have like for $150 a person They take you to the individual sets where they're filming The personal tour Ah, great, great Anthony Yeah Yo Hey What's going on, guys? The Jaws ride was pretty damn good except for King Kong He thought the Jaws ride was good? Yeah, with the gasoline exploding all the way Ha ha ha, are you insane? It doesn't take a lot to entertain you, huh Anthony? No Alright, man, thank you Hey, send the case to when Scott gets to the radio show That might happen, he's good Alright, thank you buddy Later Jim, emailing in Hey Rick Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm just kidding Where is my lame clip today? Ah, forget it Alright, oh this guy Dave knows the revolving tunnel Lee Majors fell into There On line 8 Line 8, let's go to 8 Dave, you have information on the rotating tunnel? You remember the tunnel that spun around with the license side? Yeah The lady told me the girl was given the tour Said Lee Majors got so disoriented That he couldn't shoot the whole scene, he kept falling down And that's a true story Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha That is hysterical when you drive in that thing It's pretty confusing It totally flips you over and makes you feel like you're rolling That was the only part of this whole tour that was actually exciting Yeah, because it did kind of do something to your senses It kind of flipped you upside down But the rest of it, I love when they just drive you past their junk And it's like, and this, some of these props, you see a plane here that was used in an episode of the Six Million Dollar Man Or the Giant Shoe Everything is the Six Million Dollar Man The Giant Shoe, you might recognize from the Incredible Shrinking Woman That was filmed here on Universal Studios Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha And right there, there's the Red Ferrari Magnum used to drive Yeah And it's just like this piece of crap laying on the side of the road It looks like cardboard It is not It's just dust all over it, they don't even take care of the props It is not I think you're lying Did anyone call you a liar? Um, no Did you ever get anybody rambunctious? No? Pretty boring Pretty boring, yeah Most of them could speak their language Which is funny because most of the people that could speak the language were the ones that decided to sit right in the first car with you So you're trying to throw out your best stuff Your best stuff? I'm riffing I'm riffing on the Cleaver House I'm doing the Top Delta stuff here Right, I ain't getting anything from the little Asian family or the Spanish people because they don't understand English You might recognize this as Delta House from the movie Animal House And right there is 1313's Mockingbird Lane Oh, I gotta get a picture And can you imagine like going home and pulling these pictures out in front of people And this is the house that was used Meanwhile it just looks like you're taking pictures of people's houses It doesn't look like anything See this house? Yeah, please, could you put the goddamn pictures away? It's another thing, the advent of the video camera Do you ever see people in wherever, museums, outside, videotaping They videotape the Hard Rock Cafe We're right across from the Hard Rock People will sit on the sidewalk and they'll get footage of the Hard Rock Cafe And you're saying to yourself, does he go home, pop this in and go, gather around people, gather around, check this out It's the door of the Hard Rock Cafe in New York Okay, it's on a little longer, just hold it See I panned to the car trunk sticking out from above the door You see that? You see? It's a little longer, a little longer now Just be... there you go Now here is a shot of my wife in the subway waiting for the train to come Here it is Oh my God You go to these places like Universal Studios and stuff People are videotaping them buying a hamburger at the place Who's going to sit and watch this crap? Or the pile of lumber that is going to be the set for the Grinch that stole Christmas Yeah, yeah Okay, but it isn't yet, it's just wood Could you see explaining to someone what that is? Do you know how many years worth of wasted videotape there is that no one will ever watch? That's just sitting in people's houses Crap, crap Alright, we've got to take a break I used a video camera for like 10 minutes when I first got it You got to videotape everything and then you're like, that's whatever It's in the closet, scroll it Well, that's the end of our studio tour We thank you for visiting Universal Studios Hollywood And remember, next time you're in Hollywood, have your people call my people We'll do lunch You did not say that Hold on, I've got to ask Rick something Yeah, go ahead Did they have you come up with your own little closing line or did they give you a closing line? No, we just kind of stole it from everybody else So we kind of had a bunch of people who were using it so they would just pick whichever one you wanted to use So you're like a wannabe So you used that one You didn't make that up yourself? No He's like You ripped some poor guy off Some poor Universal Studios poor guy got ripped off That was my line He popped up the back draft so I took his cake Great, Rick, the Universal Studios tour guide All right You may remember him as Dr. Smith Everybody remembers the beloved Dr. Zachary Smith from Lost in Space Jonathan Harris Yes Welcome to the Opient Anthony Show, how are you? Andrew, I'm so glad you said beloved Beloved Way that Of course I was beloved by all the fans You were most beloved, Dr. Smith Oh, lovely Look at that We have the old clattering clunk of collisionous Oh, yes, it always works, doesn't it? So what are we doing, Dr. Zachary Smith, these days? Well, what are we doing? We're doing voice work exclusively Exclusively No more films I've done 612 television films This record never been broken Yes, we've heard you on Toy Story And I realize I didn't want to do anymore Didn't have to do anymore You've done voices on Toy Story? No, Toy Story 2 and A Bug's Life A Bug's Life, wonderful Oh, I forgot you were in Bug's Life, that's right You forgot? I killed Falesse Now, have you... Marvellous movie And I was so good in it, I thought Well, yeah, of course You want us to kiss your ass? Oh, lovely Not in Macy's window Oh, you boys are dangerous, I have to wash it Yes, yes, have you seen anybody from the old Lost in Space series? Occasionally, occasionally I have a little lunch with one of the... Maybe Judy, Judy or Penny? Oh, they're both lovely ladies, my dear Lovely, lovely ladies Is Major West still upset with you? I haven't got a clue Nor do I give a f*** As we say in the trade Wow, wait, Dr. Smith's curses Oh, don't let me go on I never heard that one on the TV show No, no, we were very careful We played a little game He didn't like me and I didn't like him And we played a little game Otherwise, he's a very nice fella Now, why didn't you like him, Dr. Smith? On the show? Yeah He posed a danger to me, I thought At least I decided that You know, in television In series television, you've got to make decisions About the relationships that you have with people to make it interesting And I thought that my relationship with Mark Goddard was interesting Rolling down the tarmac He played a little game and that was fun Well, what was your relationship with the young boy, William? Oh, what a darling good actor he was Yes, I bet, yes Well, you see, again I study the territory I've been in this business for, you know, a thousand years at least And I studied the territory I realized early on that he was very, very important to me I bet he was And I was to him Yes, you were, yes You know, that we were, you know, marvelous together I thought, very chemically suited I always thought it was quite fascinating when you were in danger And you would pull the young boy towards you I dreamed that up all by myself I bet you did Worked like a charm Worked like a charm, didn't it? I got thousands of letters about that, about my cowardice I would see you hide behind his hairless young body Hey, you see Yes, young boy That was very important because it was another aspect of my character that I developed I was a coward amongst other things Amongst other things I was greedy I was selfish I was quite adorable Yes, yes, yes And all of these things I did You see, I dreamed them up Do you know that in my vast career, my dear, may I say vast? Yes I was given an opportunity by Irwin Allen, who was a strange and complex man Coming from you? To do the, oh, the, everything that I wanted to do That had never happened to me Yes So that I had, I had the ability to create Like clutching young boys Woo! Character from the, from the ground up Which was wonderful for an actor, was wonderful for me So you improvised all those scenes with young William where you were No improvisation, television, everything is written down In a mall, a tender hairless young body Woo! Oh dear! How do you know it was a hairless young body? He was, he was, what, nine years old? Oh, you know that You saw him buck naked? Yes, maybe, maybe I did Oh dear Maybe I was waking him up Very, very good actor, Billy Moomy Billy Moomy, yes, I'd like to wrap him up like a little Moomy Why are you talking this way? Woo! Huh? I want to go home, sweet, sweet home Oh dear Oh my god, I did say that several times didn't I? Yes, yes Well you see again, I exercised all of the aspects of my character Yes I was allowed to do that What planet did you go to to find KY Jelly? Murr, not a young boy Hey, hey Young child with a body Let me tell you Woo! Hey! That of all the 612 films I've done Yes Lost in Space was really the one Who knew at that time that Lost in Space would become a cult classic worldwide? Yes I never gave it a thought, I have to tell you So the whole world was you groping, groping young kids? Wait a minute, be quiet, Opie Woo! He's blaming Opie, young guy I've done so much television and theatre and I always knew that the curtain comes down Yes, down Like me on Young William Hey Hey Yes, certainly Tell me Opie, what is Opie short for, anything? He's blaming Opie Is that a nickname? Yes You remember Opie on Mayberry, that young summer boy? Yes, Ron Howard Ron Howard, yes Very hairless You have a fetish about hairless young money? Yes, we do don't we, Douglas Smith Yes, yes Very nice Yes, yes Totally crazy You're almost as crazy as I am But you'll get there Yes, yes Why will you We have a lovely thing to talk to you We enjoy you I hope that you will remain well and happy Enjoy your work And engrossed in your work Engrossed like I was with Ron Roy Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes I want to be Ron Roy I want to be Ron Roy And it pays off, you know It will certainly be totally dedicated to the work Yes One must do that Dr. Smith, would you like to talk to a few of our listeners? Sure They love you As well as you Yes Let's go to Jack Jack, what's going on? Hey Hey Dr. Smith Yes, Jack I was wondering if you could tell me what age young William grew hair And I think you know what I'm talking about Woo What kind of What kind of The naked young body What kind of a Oh, you know you're kidding more than once I have no comment Kind of a question, isn't that? Dear boy Okay, thank you, Jack Oh, dear lord Jack Yeah Jack can't answer your question Yeah, Dr. Smith, we've got to apologize for that That's all right Some of our listeners They're out there, my dear They're out there Only the serious questions for Dr. Smith Let's go to Joey Joey, what's up? Hi Oh, it's a girl Who? Disgusting women Well, I'm sorry that I was going to ask a question I need Opie and Anthony's help, Dr. Smith Yeah Well, I don't know that you'll be interested Yes It's about, you know, boobs You know boobs? Yeah You bubble headed booby I've got a serious problem, Dr. Smith And I really was wanting Opie and Anthony's help What is your problem, my dear? Okay, here's the deal When I was a young girl, being stupid and believing my boyfriend when he said, trust me Oh, dear Famous last words Exactly Run for me So I'm a very young girl, but I have a daughter who's almost 17 And she's drop dead gorgeous And I'm pretty too, but she looks more like Pamela Anderson And I look more like, oh, I don't know I'm an attractive woman, what can I tell you? Get to your question She has an incredibly, incredibly large chest Huh? And she walks around with low cut glasses and all that stuff And the guys literally hang their heads out the window with the matter And she says they're not looking at that They're looking at her face And I wanted their opinion on that Do guys look at a girl's face or they look at the chest? Because it's out there Well, it's very serious of course They look where their eyes lead them Is she happy with her large boobs? I think that she's probably pretty happy with them Oh, because they can be adjusted, you know, with a knife She's not happy with them, she should do something about it She doesn't do what women do That was the same excuse I used I just said I was looking at young William Seam on the back of his pants Well, if she's happy with that She's going to have to face the fact that either she wears a very tight bra Pull them up She shows them And at 17 I guess she's going to show them How did Judy fit into that tight little saran wrap or tin tail? Oh, gorgeous She still is by the way Dr. Smith, ask Opie when he sees a beautiful girl walking down the street Is he attracted to the chest first or the face? Oh, Opie goes right to the boobs Yeah, of course, every guy goes right to the boobs And then you check out the face after Now let's say there's a young boy That's what I keep telling her All right, well, thank you, Joey You guys are great Thank you, Shelly Joey? Is that your name, Shelly? Joey Oh, Joey, so sorry Joey, you would think that would be a boy's name Dr. Smith Yes, and a related question When you see a young boy of nine or ten walk by Do you look in the eyes or the brown eye? Dear boy, hey Oh, you're very naughty Naughty indeed You're very naughty Where's that metallocrustacean? Shut up, Dr. All of those alliterations I made up You're a genius Every single one of them Genius, let me tell you And I used them all, it was just one A dream come true, lost in space with a young boy Wow, dear Very serious, and all those aliens Yes, I had to protect him People have said, have asked me rather Was there any sex on lost in space? Oh, yeah And I have answered quite truthfully, yes In the robot Oh, really? Oh, it hurt a lot Ouch, Dr. Smith Please, that is my dad's entry point Please, go back to William Yes, there must have been a lot of sex What is your marriage with William? You never saw William sit down, what, getting jealous? Are you, William? Dear boy You're beginning to sound very much like me Yes, indeed I like that young boy I like when he's stacking like a pumpkin Nobody can do me Yes Very often I can't even do me Yes But there you are That conjures up some image, Dr. Smith Voice work, as I've told you And I go to the studio And there are the voice wizards who are absolutely fantastic They can do 12 different voices, you see Yes, you see And I can barely do me Yes You know? It's very exciting for me Your voice is very recognizable I think so I'm sure Billy Moble still spins around in fear when he hears it And I sell it for money It's a very individual sound and I know it When I'm hired, they know exactly what they're going to get Dr. Zachary Smith Because I don't do trick voices, I'm not able to do that Nor have I any interest in doing that But I do find myself in all of these marvelous voice wizards Let's go to Doug Doug, do you have a question for Dr. Zachary Smith? Doug? Dr. Smith, big fan Yes, good When you were on lost in space, you would travel all over the solar system Yes I was wondering, did you ever let young William explore Uranus? Well, he tried once and I slapped his face Hey Oh my And told him I was going to tell his mother William, run There you are Dr. Smith is headed towards Uranus Run young William Yes, Dr. Smith Alan, you're next with Dr. Zachary Smith Now, Zachary Smith, I got a very serious question for you He sounds like a young boy I got a serious question How do I make my pubic hairs grow faster? Who the hell knows? I would suggest that you take a razor and just slice them off And be very careful Do it the same way William did it They grew in faster when I gave him vigorous massage He's on the radio station, by the way Vigorous massage for the region, wow dear Dear, oh dear Oh my dear Oh dear, oh dear What a bunch of strange folks are answering the phone Yes Where do you live now, Dr. Smith? I live in Southern California Oh brilliant, scantily glad young boy Yes And I have lived here for Who is San Fernando? Next question please Yes, Dr. Smith Are you having fun with our little radio show today, Dr. Smith? Sure Yes, indeed Anymore calls for Dr. Smith? Yes, let's take another one here You were very, Dr. Smith, I noticed you were very evil in the first few episodes Yes Of Lost in Space And then they really fagged you out Well, I did that myself I hated that evil man Really? I'm an old hand at this I said to myself, playing that kind of evil, snarling villain In about five shows they'll have to kill me off, I'll be out of work again Yes Now I'm just as famous, I have to tell you, with no pride at all Of course That I've specialized for many years in comedic villainy, which I love Comedic villainy? Comedic villainy, because you can redeem yourself from the villainy if it's comedic Indeed So I decided that since I knew they would have to kill me off I would take a chance and begin to introduce my comedic villainy bits And hopefully nobody would notice Evil yet quite lovable, weren't you? Irwin, be quiet sir Indeed Irwin Allen, of course, noticed Dr. Smith Yes Dr. Smith Yes You owe me an apology Not a chance You busted my rusted hymen, Dr. Smith I want an apology now You punched me in places I never even oiled That's one of our listeners being all zany, Dr. Smith It's the robot The robot Yeah Hold on, look at the doctor Hello, my old speak of man, doesn't that ill-nuded matter? We have to bring this to an end because I have to run No I still owe you No, Dr. Smith, please, please don't go yet Hello I say goodbye like nice boys Oh dear Well, Dr. Smith, you've been fascinating Good, I've enjoyed it, thank you Wonderful interview I wish you well Please stay in touch, let us contact you again, please Oh dear Sorry Goodbye and good luck Bye I don't think he was going to hang up That could be the funniest thing I've ever heard of my life He's just as big a smartass I was thinking it was going to be some old curmudgeon He was going to get all pissed off But now he's cursing That was hilarious, man You've got to love Dr. Zachary Smith Oh dear Dr. Smith is Dr. Smith People coming in and bowing to Anthony Oh dear Hey Smith Oh man, was that good That was good He was starting to get pissed at the end Oh look, I have to go now I just saw some young boys peddling past my window Yes, Opie and Anthony must go now Yes, the poppers are taking effect on my young lover He's opened up like a man, oh come on Oh dear A couple of amyl nitrate poppers And look, I can fall right in Loosen the sh** around your anus Please Oh dear Yes, yes You heard it right from Dr. Zachary Smith He fagged up the role of Zachary Smith I asked him Oh dear Come on William, we're going to explore a black hole At least the brown one That was awesome, man What a sense of humor on that That was awesome Yes, got to thank Jonathan Harris for calling the show today What a guy He's 86 years old, by the way 86 years old Yeah Nice, do you like the young boys Oh dear You see him say, what should the hell is wrong with me That's a lot of fun Look at Dr. Smith We thought it was going to suck, but that was really cool We're going to try to get him to hang up Kind of lulled him into it at first, very easy A few things, comment on his newer work that he's done And then a couple of the other cast members are lost in space And then right when I went to William, thinking at the minute range Thinking he was going to hang up That was fun Bravo to Anthony, that was a lot F***ing ponderous Opie and Anthony And we're back 212-757-1027 It's the ONA show I want to thank our listeners for the Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen picture gallery that they sent me Dick momma heppers, man Look, see What they look like now We're in the little nubs that Opie showed what they looked like earlier But yeah And before you know it Yeah, like little Britney Spears-y things going on there And I gotta say, you're taking some major hits on this radio show today Yeah, I understand Keith from Seaford Where was Anne's girl? Oh, that's right, you had to be 21 to get into the road show Hey, she's 21, shut up I love that She's over 21 Hey, she's 21 Anyone else pick up on that? Okay, good Anthony Mission Impossible 2 First of all, I'm very surprised that you would go see Mission Impossible 2 Why? Opening weekend, Memorial Day weekend Yeah, well, I'm an a** What can I say? I wanted to go to the movie I wanted to see Mission Impossible 2 I avoided the movie theaters like the plague, man There wasn't really anything else I wanted to see I pretty much saw everything else Gee, I saw a dinosaur I wanted to see Mission Impossible 2 I just hate going to crowded movie theaters And I thought maybe it would be a movie where I don't know, it would have an ending that would be f'd up or something And the listeners ruin it for us now It's not even like we do anything to movies anymore The listeners all of a sudden will be scrolling through instant feedback And bam, there's an end of a movie I'm like, thanks They're getting us back from the Sixth Sense thing But there's really no surprise thing in Mission Impossible Overall, I didn't really like the movie I didn't get to enjoy the beginning of it You know, I might come off sounding a little harsh here today, Opie Okay Sounding a little, I don't know, politically incorrect Talk to us, Ann, talk to us We're here for you I went to the pavilion in Brooklyn Went to go see Mission Impossible 2 With savages I'm not ringing the bell I didn't know I was doing a radio show with Bob Grant today Savages, I can't believe it anymore You, Gavone, Svachim, savages Yeah This is me and my girlfriend trying to get out of the theater with our lives Quick, through the air duct They're chasing us with knives Opie Unbelievable How come you can't go to a movie anymore Without black people and Hispanic people losing their effing minds Okay, I said it I said it Look, stinky's freaking out Even Spaz thinks I'm being a little much I'm turning off the music I'm going to carefully put my headphones down This is not a knee-jerk reaction to a one-time thing I don't believe this is something that other people cannot relate to And I am not condemning entire races of people for this I am just saying this has been what I have observed for years When you go to a movie theater in a predominantly white, black, Hispanic, Hispanic, and Hispanic community When you go to a movie theater in a predominantly white, Long Island neighborhood Like I was raised for many years Okay? You go in, you sit, you watch the movie, right? If there's a problem with someone talking, you can turn around and say Excuse me, I'm trying to watch the movie Oh, sorry Right? And it usually doesn't happen For the most part For the most part Nowadays you get the cell phones, it's a pain in the ass It's a pain in the ass But play the other side, sometimes you get in those theaters with all the young Kids are another thing Right, okay They can be white, black, Puerto Rican, I don't care at all You're right They're a pain in the ass You're right They think the theater is there You're right I'm not talking about kids that are not supposed to know what the F they're doing I'm talking about adults People that are going to a public place to watch a goddamn movie And act like F-ing animals Like beasts Anthony? Yes? What happened to you? I go into the theater, me and the girl, to go see Mission Impossible 2 Right? Sure Sit down in a seat All of a sudden, there's a group of black people running around the theater What? I can't say that they were black people? No, I'm tired of it A group of black people, I will identify everybody, okay? Now I'll talk about white people They're all sitting there fearing for their lives, okay? There, I covered the white people, now I'll move on to black people A group of black people roaming around the whole auditorium trying to find seats Fine, but they're being very loud And I don't want them sitting in front of me I could care less at this point if they were from frigging Jupiter They're being loud, I want to watch the movie So I get up and I move to the other side of the theater I'm like, come on, we're moving I move to the other side of the theater to get away from the boisterous people Regardless of their color, okay? Is that nice? Sit down Then they decide, the group of black people, that they don't want to sit there anymore So they start roaming around the auditorium taking seats in the back Then in the middle, and then in the side, the whole time being very loud Disrupting the whole place Anthony, can I interrupt you for a second? Go ahead, open I'm the owner of the theater, Matt He checks in a lot on our show from Bayonne, New Jersey Is it as fast as we can review already? And why is Anthony doing it? No, look Okay, look, look I am trying to tell you what happened in plain English Without going around beating around the bush So this is what happened So you were jumping from seat to seat in the movie theater? I moved once I went from the right side to the auditorium Quick! Alright, I'm going to get a grappling hook on the vent, on the ceiling I'm going to swing over, hold on to me We got to get away from the loud people How many times did you move away from the black people? Once Once No, it will be the loud people I just pointed out that it was a group of black people that were being loud They sat down in the row right in front of us and I said, no, I'm not going to sit here And try to watch a movie and listen to people yelling and screaming So we moved to the opposite side of the theater Same seat, but on the other side Your mission, Anthony, if you decide to accept it Is to get through this movie without one racial epithet going through your mind So Your popcorn will self-destruct in five seconds Good luck, Anthony Dan from Jersey, ding, ding, ding, ding No, I'm not dingin' a goddamn thing Why should I ding something when this is exactly what happened? And this is something that has bothered you for a while? For quite some time Loud people or black people? Loud people So So we moved to the opposite side of the theater To get away from the loud black people Loud black people The loud people So then they start, they keep moving They're not satisfied with their seat So they're moving, they're yelling They're sitting in seats and then they're getting up And then they're moving again I swear to God, five times they did this Finally they settle Where? Two rows in front of us Two rows in front of us And now at this point, the theater is getting so full There's no seats left So we're stuck I'm like, okay, whatever At least they're one more row away than they were Right? You with me so far? Dan from Jersey You mean to tell me black people showed up late for something? I'm just reading them Okay I'm just reading the instant feedback So now Don't kill the messenger So now Okay, that's where I'm going to be sitting Okay? So I'm sitting on the aisle So the right, let me get you, let me set the mood There's the middle section There's two aisles The left section and the right section I'm in the left section I'm on the aisle seat in the left section Girlfriend sitting to my left Okay? We are ready to watch the movie A whole family of Hispanic people come in Yes? Why did your girlfriend go with you? Dinosaur was sold out or? You're a smart ass man Yeah, she's 14 years old It's Mary Kate Olsen All righty, town, okay? I'm dating Mary Kate Olsen Okay, back to your story All right, here we are So a whole family of Hispanic people come in And sit in the rest of the row that we are sitting in So you got the Hispanics to your right? Yes, Hispanics to the left Because I am as far right as we could Left And in the row in front, they're taking up that row And a couple of the seats in the back Well, they're baby machines, a lot of people Well, Opie, there were children with them Children of three or five years old A couple of children Were they courteous enough to leave the chickens home? No, there were chickens running around the mo- Can I please? No, so that's what the seating arrangement was Hispanics left, in front, black, loud people also in front The woman, Hispanic woman in our row Who was taking care of these two children Did not shut up from the time she sat down Until the confrontation You had a confrontation? Yes, let me just say there was a bit of a confrontation But let me just keep going The previews start up She's yapping, talking to the effing screen She's not shutting up, she's talking to her kids And not in a low movie theater voice Opie, she is at full volume I'm stunned, I'm amazed Other people, other white people are looking at this woman Like, could you shut up, but I will sweat But white people are very threatened, very intimidated To say anything So, so we don't Because, you know something? You might have bodily harm done to you That is the image everyone has, right? Right Not necessarily true Okay Mission Impossible is playing now Now it's the movie Now I'm really, I want to get the story Did you see the last Mission Impossible? Um, no, I didn't Okay, I did I really didn't You needed a friggin' slide rule and a calculator to keep up with the story Right So I don't want someone talking I want to listen and work with the story Okay, so you gave up on the reviews, like whatever, they'll settle down after the reviews Yeah Okay She didn't settle down, alright? She's talking like a mile a minute Tom Cruise comes on, here's what she's saying And this is, this is how she was saying it There's the man, there's the man Tom Cruise, there's the man Oh, look at that ass She's using the S word, every other word out of her effing mouth Now, oh, look at that ass Like they'll have a car chase and like Tom Cruise will almost fly off a cliff or something Oh no, wall cop, he the man, look at that Look at that How loud really, that loud? Dude, yelling Yelling Star Juanita Star Juanita Yelling Yeah, oh yeah, look at that Uh-huh, oh you bet that, that's what I would do Uh-huh, that I paid to come in to see this friggin' movie with her yelling, that's what I paid for Right No, I wanted to see Mission Impossible 2 The whole theater is looking at, in our direction And you know they're just saying shut the eff up, shut up But no one had the balls to say it No one would say anything Except Not me, my girlfriend That's the word Yeah, yeah, yeah You get put in the position Ladies, you put us in bad position I was this close to saying something When you're the one that does the confrontation thing So, go ahead Yeah, she turns and goes Do you think you could be quiet? So she said, do you think you could be quiet? Yeah Well, at this point That's just not the thing So right now I'm like, okay, now I go into assess the situation mode Yeah I'm looking, I got an entire family of Puerto Ricans to my left They're taking up three rows I am with my girlfriend One family Yeah, that's part of a family So I'm sitting there like, okay, now what? I'm trying to figure who's got the knives, who's got the gun Now I'm really sweating Because now you're like, I got to fight Now I got to fight Yeah, yeah Because something happened So she goes She said, do you think you could be quiet? Which I don't think is a big thing to say Now let me bring back to what I was saying earlier In a suburban auditorium watching a movie If someone's being a little boisterous And you turn around and say, do you think you could be quiet? You might get up But then you know something? That person will probably be whispering the rest of the movie if they have to talk You never feel like your life is being threatened Well, this bitch goes, maybe I will and maybe I won't So now I'm like, okay Now not only am I going to not watch the movie But now I have to fear that I will be killed here in Mission Impossible I'm going to be killed Then the boyfriend looks at me So now I'm like, oh So now my girlfriend turns Maybe seeing there's danger in the air Maybe detecting my nerves are a little rattled at this point There's an entire Hispanic family getting geared up She turns and goes Can you just shut the F up? Wait, let me get to my friend Can you just shut the F up? Yeah, yeah Battle stations, battle stations Dive, dive, dive, dive You ladies, you put us in bad positions sometimes So, yeah So, yeah And all the day is just left the time at A deadly cargo in a belly Battle tippets at the helm So, yeah Could you shut the F up? So now the chick stands up The Puerto Rican lady The lady stands up The boyfriend turns to me and goes Now you put her in battle mode Like she's a friggin' transformer I put her in battle mode Even he went like, oh, that's it Nothing I can do She in battle mode Oh, well how do you turn it off? There's an off switch on the battle mode? Is she married to a black guy, Anthony? No, it was just another Hispanic guy Alright, you're Well, no, let me say the accent The inflection on the voice sounded very black It wasn't like, it was a mixture between the Hispanic, black dialect I think you would call that, Opie Okay, go ahead So I'm like, oh boy, okay So she steps up and goes You, in this part, I had to bite my tongue from laughing With the fear in me I almost laughed at this She turns around and goes Why you using that kind of language In front of Opie, she was about 28 years old Okay In front of my grandkids The blood, the blood dripping off of my tongue from where I had to bite it To keep from laughing my cracker ass off Meanwhile, she was like Ah, F this, F that, all time crew, eat a man, F, F, F That kind of language In front of my grandkids The kids five years old, do the math Do the math I'm roaring She goes, I ought to slap your face I go, oh boy, here it comes So now I'm leaning over Because my girlfriend's to my left at this point She's between them and me So I, yeah So now I lean over and I'm looking at her hand Because if she has to swing it I have to grab the hand Which means the boyfriend has free reign to just punch me in the face So like, okay, now I'm like diplomacy Look, I think if you talk to anyone in this audience They would want to watch this movie Without hearing people yelling and talking Do you think we can all do that? All of us Let's sit and watch the movie Yeah, well, maybe I'll be quiet So that back, she back there, she sat down High fiving all of her relatives Get out High fiving, like yeah, show them mother Can we all just get along? I was Rodney King So I'm sitting, now I'm trying to watch the movie Forget it I'm trying to keep track of Mission Impossible 2 Where I have to worry if I'm going to get killed And now I'm hearing every word they're saying So I'm just like, oh, this is it Yeah I go, no, let's go I go, let's go, I'm getting out of here I'm going to get the money back that we paid to get in here And before we leave, I will say to an officer outside That I believe somebody has a gun in theater one Roll four to the left Let them handle the fun and hijinks that happen after that The manager said, well, another Mission Impossible is starting up in theater two So you could go in there I'm like, okay, let me give this a whirl I walk in, it's almost empty, quiet Watch the whole movie from the beginning Without a peep, it was great But I was so freaking pissed I escaped from theater one, Opie We made our way through the air ducts And dropped down on some contraption with pulleys So we didn't touch the floor And then we had a motorcycle chase through the lobby Unbelievable But this just leads me to my whole statement that I was making in the beginning of this This isn't the first time this has happened This will not be the last time this has happened There is something that just happens to people of certain ethnic backgrounds in movies Especially action movies like Mission Impossible They got to yell at the screen She was Opie yelling And I'm trying to get into her head thinking, does she think she's so important And that everybody wants to hear what she has to say to her friggin' grandkids And her penis of the month that she's got next to her And whatever else And her family That it's that important what she has to say That I paid nine bucks to get in and listen to that To listen to that C-word babble over a friggin' movie And it's not the first time And I swear to God, there's plenty of yarmulkes in that audience too It's Brooklyn And I don't have a problem They're not, you know Oy vey, look at Tom Cruise No That is hilarious But people, and you know something You want to break down the barrier You want to say everything's fine We can address the issue And say, do you think you could be quiet Maybe not shut the F up But turn around and say, hey You know, I'm trying to watch a movie here We don't want to hear you talk, but you know something You will be threatened with violence if you do that White people We hear me, white people You will be threatened with violence I have a dream today That we can watch Mission Impossible Without people yelling to their grandchildren In penis of the morm Now call me what you want to call me I know I'm going to hear it But what am I supposed to say? This is what I see This is what I have seen over the years Anthony Joker from Jersey checking in Anthony, if you want to avoid black and Hispanics Go to a bookstore Now ring the bell We've got to take a break, obviously Unbelievable And because of your little tirade Joe from Jersey Nine bucks Nine bucks and it must have been $4.50 for his girlfriend After your tirade Yes Our boss likes to say tirade The phones are just absolutely... They're going crazy So why don't we take a quick break And we'll let everyone in on this little discussion Okay, Anthony? Bravo I need a drink That's a great little... Now I need a drink Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven The following tape is disturbing Anthony's the bastard Insulting F off you effing retard Hey, we're looking for that chromosome you're missing Cupid Hang up, hang up Hang up the god effing phone Offensive Listen you little mother effer You whore Morning I just felt like taking my pants off Oh, moh Here it comes, Opie Here it comes Moronic Imagine how angry women would be if they had to walk around with tampons in their butt Vulgar F***, f***, f***, f***, f***, f*** God damn it I love when you get pissed off, dude, it's great Shut up He's a complete angel Sit on a bicycle sprocket Nasty Anthony Kick his ass One oh two seven WNP It is Opie and Anthony Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us There you go ONA, yesterday my sister was listening to Z100 And they were talking about putting a Z free money sticker on cars Z free money sticker And then they're like, if you have a sticker that says wow, take it off cause it won't get you anything Oh yeah Only boobs A wow sticker will get you a lot more than a Z free sticker What losers Z free sticker A Z free money sticker You think any That is the stupidest thing Do you think anyone wins money on a stupid bumper sticker, radio station campaign? That's why we did wow It's a no brainer People give you something, boobs, just for putting a sticker on it It doesn't have to be someone from the station Let's drive it around Let me explain something about radio We'll take down the curtain again here A station like Z100 So they have these Z free money stickers Z free money sticker everybody, get your sticker on, we're going to be giving you cash So they're hoping to get maybe a couple thousand stickers out there And they'll give prizes to maybe 10 to 20 people Tops I guarantee as we sit here on this fine Whip-a-Mow Wednesday That hundreds upon hundreds of people are seeing stuff on the highways Because of our wow stickers Won't get you nothing They are so jealous of our wow sticker campaign Have you seen how many cars come in and out of this city? Have you seen the traffic? Do you know the numbers of cars that are driving on this road? What are the odds that you're going to stick a Z100 sticker on your car And someone from that station is going to see it And what, like pull you over and give you money? Pull you over and give you Britney Spears tickets or something? There's a better chance of getting pulled over with a gun to your head And someone taking your car in this city than there is of you getting money See the wow sticker's cool Because the potential of every girl with boobs is the one that's giving you the prize Right It doesn't have to be someone that works here Instead of one prize van giving out money We have thousands and thousands of women that are willing to flash guides that have wow in their car That's the beauty of it And the only reason they're bringing it up on that stupid station is because they are very very jealous of our bumper sticker campaign this fine season Because let's face it, wherever you go you're seeing wow You're seeing wow That's it? It doesn't have to, you don't have to bump into anybody except a woman with boobs They're giving away the prize And just to put it in perspective Do you guys realize we ordered 150,000 brand new wow stickers? Yeah Guess how many we have left? How many? Practically none Really? We're going to have to reorder? Practically none Well I'm seeing them all over the place now We're putting another rush order in to get more stickers because this is how hot this damn wow thing is And I've seen a bunch of people with the homemade versions We love the homemade versions Yeah Still, I'm very flattered when I see the homemade wows on the car It's Whip Nut Wednesday, it's a beautiful day, get the wow on your car So they can say whatever they want but they're goddamn jealous of this radio station, our show and our listeners that are just going nuts over this wow thing Yeah, get that wow off your car Get the Z100 sticker on there, that'll get you something We're paying you to listen to us Z100 Z100 Speaking of ridiculous other radio station stuff, you see the new commercial with that small bone chick and Terry Gar for Light FM I guess it is I joke with Sandy about it all the time It is the lamest crap If you're a radio guy that is the biggest embarrassment in the world Yeah, Terry Gar is sitting there with that small bone I guess her name is And she says, here's how easy it is to play the music and not talk, some kind of happy horse crap like that And she, the small bone reaches over and pushes a button, doesn't say a word and folds her arms That's her monkey ass job And shrugs Yeah, she shrugs like, that's all I do That's all I do That's it So I guess she was getting pissed so now there's an ad where she actually talks Uh huh But she's like, and that was some, you know, crap, insert crap band here Uh, on Light FM And Terry Gar and her stuff It just, I swear to God, when you see her and Terry Gar sitting in those seats All you want to do is bust in the studio and spray them with banana juice I swear to God, I want to step on the console like a monkey in a cage and just spray them with banana juice I'm over here now I know, Dice, that's your line, we know, we know I could do the entire job with a dildo in my mouth Can I say that? I'm over here now I know, Dice, we're... I'm Smuld, what's her name? Valerie I'm Valerie Smuldone I can do this entire job with a dildo in my mouth Because I don't have to talk, I just have to press buttons Where's Terry Gar? Terry Gar, she was hot for ten minutes Yeah What happened? Well, she's old now, I guess She's been around forever She only needs one hand I could diddle myself and seg song with a dildo in my mouth All I need is one arm Our guest DJ today, Christopher Reed And we don't even have to do anything different to the studio He's just got to roll up to the console I'll do another visual impression I love your visuals Okay So do the people It's good at the audio impressions Which is very important if you're doing a radio show I'm good at visuals though Yeah This is my impression of Christopher Reed Christopher Reed DJ in the show Okay And he has to hit commercials Right, okay Wait, I need my seat lowered It's a visual event, of course Yeah By the way, as we get ready for the visual impression, that's as low as it goes I need a... is there another seat? Give me a stinky seat Where's the short chair? If you want to get one of these WOW stickers, self-addressed stamped envelope WNEW 10th floor, 888 7th Avenue, New York, NY 10106, attention WOW sticker I think that addresses on the WNEW website All right, and my visual of... My visual impression of Christopher Reed, DJing And let's say it's light FM Okay, all right Here he is, ready to go into a Celine song from Spots Okay Okay Okay Wait, wait, wait, we need the Celine song Okay, where's the Celine song? You know, because when the music ends, you know, the jock has to do the clever seg that you don't even notice at home They're pushing the button in between songs and it's so smooth, so seamless You don't even notice That's how you're supposed to do it So, Opie, we'll do Christopher Reed as the stand-in DJ for Valerie Smalldome Here's Celine Dion ending and Christopher Reed Christopher Reed at light FM Opie's wheeled up to the board, about chest high All right, there's the song ending And eyes moving back and forth, looking troubled And dead air Is just sitting there not moving That is just horrible, man So I guess Christopher Reed couldn't officially DJ at light FM Valerie Smalldome is better than Christopher Reed Is what we're learning here, because if the song ended, he still wouldn't be able to do anything See, he can push the button All right, here it is Oh, God, look at him His eyes are looking very distressed, very troubled that he can't hit the button You're horrible, man Thank you Valerie Smalldome Thank you, Anthony I could diddle myself, have my hand on a big, giant piece of man meat Have a dildo firmly in place in my mouth And still play the songs and get approval from Terry Gar Well, this is the first making fun of... Max my crotch This is the first making fun of other radio shows and other radio jocks And they don't belong to our company This is good Goddamn, we were going to buy them And before we end this break, if you ever see Anthony and I in dresses advertising for our show on TV Please drive up to the station and shoot us in the back of the head Oh, God, the Scott and Todd That is embarrassing In dresses How pathetic do you have to be that you're going to be dressed in drag on TV to promote your stupid radio show? It's not worth it Just strap on the friggin' appliances and go at each other's butts Ugh With the dress and then the big punchline is that they were just, what, dreaming or something? I don't even know how it goes And then one of them, Todd, is still wearing a dress You can pretend you're dreaming, but you're on TV wearing dresses Wearing dresses And I hear that's like a big commercial all over the United States in different markets Like the Slappy and Wappy show in Phoenix does the same commercial Yeah, for all you PLJ fans out there, if you are fans of their show, you're like, oh, wow, man, they're so creative Look at their little TV commercial promoting their morning show See, that commercial is done all over the country, it's just different jocks and different... It's a formula commercial Different dresses It tested very well in our research, so we have it in all different markets We just can't do the same spot in overlapping markets Got it, and if Scott Jennings gets another facelift, he's going to have a, you know what, hanging from his chin A shlong I got a shlong hanging from my chin There's a shlong, look at this I'm squeezing my sack on my neck, I'm like a big rooster Why do you need so many facelifts if you're on radio? I look like Foghorn Leghorn with a scrotum on my chin Oh, brother All right, and we have to take a break Yeah, we have a nice surprise for everyone right now As Whip-A-Mow Wednesday continues We got some clips from our roadshow from last Thursday, Anthony Yeah Some of the highlights were some of the guys performing their most offensive songs, Ant Yes A lot of video clips, a lot of brand new video clips up on foundrymusic.com today Steve got the clip of Steve Lynch doing FBA up there, it's hilarious With the additional verses, amazing Absolutely hilarious, www.foundrymusic.com F-O-U-N-D-R-Y music.com, okay? Right But right now, here's our buddy, our pal, he's a rock star, Fuel Live from our roadshow in front of about 2,000 people Singing a song you all know and love Baby Raper The other inmates think I'm kind of sick Because of where I like to dip my stick And how I always talk about the day I met that little hottie, John Bonet Whose parents did kill her, by the way I wish that they could somehow understand This is hard I'm just an average ordinary man But somehow they just can't seem to get While Maggie Simpson always makes me wet Here it comes Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper So sweet and young, they're good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper The youngest cherries, I always taste so sweet Oh my God I put my dick so bad to teach me so When mommy turns away, I go for more Sing them songs, tell them that they're sweet As I whip the little boobs off their feet Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper So sweet and young, they're good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper The youngest cherries, I always taste so sweet Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper They're good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a baby Raper The youngest cherries, I always taste so sweet We had that today Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027 WNEW It is now time for the K-DOL Weekend Review Time! Ah! Science I just say whatever I want Follow this logic Nine new planets were found by scientists, but they're not in our solar system Now, think about this logic We have nine planets within our solar system, right? Duh! Mars, Earth, Saturn, Jupiter Stupidity Uranus, Pluto, Neptune And uh... Shut up, planet! Stupidity I don't know the other two There are nine planets in the other solar system, so I believe that is in equilibrium Okay, stupid! Basically like in Bizarro land I know it may look like I'm going over to an unintelligent tangent here I'm going to bet a gazillion dollars you're wrong on this You idiot Stop! Science Science, in Bizarro, everything is the exact same except for opposites Follow this logic How many planets are there? We have nine planets, we live everything the way we live The other solar system, nine planets, that's the sameness Science You useless puss-jewel But the differentness is that they do things probably differently than we do Different little quirky Quirky What an idiot I believe that the third planet from the sun also has life form on it That is probably intelligent of us So I think that we should go research this But be careful because of pressurization From gold from solar system to solar system It's different atmospheres, you never know Andrew from Jersey Aren't you guys breaking some sort of child labor laws by employing a 12 year old retarded boy and allowing him to go on the air? We are in the identical, symmetrized solar system thing Can I step over and beat the living crap out of him so the smart one is getting the hell beat out of him on the other planet? I was trying to start a thought but it just left my mind Thank you for the education He's either the best comedy writer of our time Or he's this stupid Stop! WNEW Like it or not, this will be the most popular radio show in New York City The only show beats the hell out of my dad's old porno