 OP What is it going to take for us to piss you off to the point where you're going to change the station? That's what I need to know. Shove it! Anthony Boy, it sure is easy to be a fag on this show, isn't it? That's going to be trouble. OP And Anthony We just received a Ph.D. in stupidity. 1027 WNEW Oh, yeah. All right, I'm upstairs now with the King. All right, with the King? Yep. All right, he's in our lobby. We're going to try to figure out if he's worthy enough to come down and hang with us today, all right? All right, carry on. Hello? Hey, King. Hello there. Hello. How's it going? King? King? Yeah? Is this the King? Yep. You sound like the King. I hear that voice. Now we've got your CD Gravelands. Do you like it? Yeah, it's great. It's quite different from the other ones. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. It's a little different. I guess the concept is you're the King singing other people's songs that are dead. Yeah. We played Come As You Are in Sweet Home Alabama on our show already. Thank you. Getting raved reviews by our listeners. They like it, yeah? Yeah, yeah, it's great. So why imitate the King? Well, I'm someone I have loved and admired since I was seven years old. Do you know why we have you on the phone? No, why? We're trying to decide if you're worthy or not to come down here and hang with us. And so far you're not winning the battle. All right. I'm serious. So what else could you give us? We're doing several acoustic songs. Yeah? So you're going to? And answer any questions that you want to have answered. Well, there's not many questions we want to ask an Elvis impersonator. Are you an Elvis impersonator? Do you dress up like Elvis and stuff? Well, I wear a black leather costume similar to the one that Elvis wore in the 60s TV special. You sound very excited. Well, I've been up from 4.30 this morning. I'm exhausted. We had so many plans to lay it on us in Chicago. And it's been a real long day. We're setting up a special studio for you, King. Right. So I'm worthy then. Well, I don't know if you're worthy yet. I think you need some stacker too. Well, here's our plan. Right. Here's our plan. We want you to do a couple of at least one song from your Graveland CD. Yeah. But we want you to perform it in the bathroom here at N.E.W. Can you do that? In the bathroom? In the bathroom, on the potty. We're setting up a microphone and everything. Yeah, we'll have a mic in there for you. On the potty? Yeah. No. We're setting up a microphone and everything. So you don't have to take your pants down or anything. You just got to sit on the toilet. No. And play your song. No, I don't want to do that. Why not? Because I think it's sick. Why is that sick? Because I heard there's good acoustics in the bathroom. Because Elvis Presley died in the bathroom. Well, yeah, that's the reason we want to do it. Yeah, that'll give it more of a... The ultimate tribute to the King himself. What do you say? No. We'll negotiate this point. We'll plug your CD. We'll allow you to play a couple songs. Elvis died in the bathroom. It's like the King on his throne. And they're saying they wanted to talk to me on the phone first to see if I was maybe worthy enough to design into the studio. Yeah. So what do you think? I'm worthy enough to go to the studio, no problem, but I don't want to sing from the bathroom. Why not? That'll be neat. We have a microphone. I'm not going to sit on the toilet and sing. No. See, it doesn't sound like you have much of a sense of humor about you. Are you a funny guy, a fun guy, or are you very serious? You're pretty serious, dude. I would say yeah. I mean, having five children and a mortgage is pretty serious. It's a goof CD, so we're going to goof around with you. What can I tell you? It's a goof CD. A goof? Goof? Not good. It's kind of goofy. Goofy? Goofy? What do you think? Yeah. Like it's kind of, don't you think it's a little weird? Like I would think you would have this tremendous sense of humor. It's a fun, warm-hearted CD. It was okay. I mean, I thought the music was good. I thought the impersonation needed a little work, but... Wow, that's your opinion. You're intent on it. So what do you say, King? No. We got the studio set up? No. It's a great room acoustically? No. I don't want to sing from the bathroom sitting on a toilet. Is that just because you would never sing from a bathroom? I have a respect for Elvis Presley. A respect for Elvis? I think Elvis would be into something like this. No. Come on, we wanted you to be naked in there. We'll take that away, so you just have to sit on the toilet. No. I don't want to sit on the toilet. Why not? I just explained why. What if the lid was down? Yeah, the lid will be down. I don't care if the lid is down or up. You don't have to like... The cubicle doors open or close. You don't have to take a dump when you hit the high notes or something, you know? We're just looking for you to sit on the ball. We'll have a mic in there, headphones. So that's how Elvis Presley died, is it? I guess. That's what they say. That's what they say, but I don't think it was during his performance of a song. Come on, you're an Elvis impersonator. You do other people's dead songs. So you should have a sense of humor and do this. And then we'll plug the CD in everything. Yeah, but it's not the... It's a rather true humor. Hey, King, you're making money off other dead artists' work. Right. I'm making money. I haven't made any money. You know, you sing... I haven't made any money. How do you know what money I have made? You sing a Nirvana song, a Leonard Skinner song, an AC-TV song, Jimmy Hendrix... Excuse me, you are making money off other dead people's work by playing the records on your radio station. Yeah, and we'll spin records from the bathroom, too. James Cameron made the film Titanic, so you want to start accusing him of making money off people dead. Oh, we hit a soft spot, I believe. We're not accusing you of anything. All we're saying is... We're just saying if you're going to sing other people's songs that are dead, that you should have a sense of humor to perform them on the toilet. No. As Elvis. Elvis died on the toilet, get it? No. Are you, like, in love with Elvis? I've explained that I don't want to sing on the toilet. I respect the memory of Elvis. Are you in love with Elvis? Is that it? Like you have this love for him? Yeah, a paternal love. A paternal love? A paternal love. Anything wrong with a paternal love? Or have you found a way to make money off his name? What? Just asking. Elvis seemed to have had a sense of humor. Yeah, he had a wonderful sense of humor, a good sense of humor. Yeah, and that's kind of a weird sense of humor thing to perform one of the songs sitting on the toilet. No. No? So what do you say, King? I've already told you about 20 times. I thought we could talk you into it. What? I thought we could talk you into it. Yeah. No. See, I guess you didn't really know much about our show then, huh? No. Every artist that ever comes into Opie and Anthony's studio performs from the bathroom. That's right. No. And it's just a coincidence that Elvis died on the toilet. We didn't even take that into consideration, but... No. It is kind of the way it's set up. Well, all right, so your final answer is no? Mm-hmm. Okay. I guess we can play your CD from here then. Well, it's up to you. Would you like to hear me play? Would you like to hear me play? I would like to go into the studio where you are and perform the songs. Oh, no, no. The deal is... We can't do that. The deal is you perform from the bathroom or that's it? No. All right. Well, then I'll play your CD here in the studio. Why can't you let me go into the studio and perform the songs live? Because it's much more fun if you do it in the bathroom. Yeah. No. No? You sound intense, man. What? You sound like you're going to cry or something. You all right? Yeah, I'm all right. You sound intense. All right. Do you ever lighten up or loosen up or laugh or something? Sometimes. Yeah, not now. Don't have a sense of humor, huh? It doesn't sound like... All right. Well, would you like to listen as I play your CD here in the studio? Yeah, go ahead. All right. Here we go. Did you hear that? Yeah. All right. All right, King. There's pieces of CD all over the studio. Wow. Do you think you're the one that has to clean it up? Yeah, that's all right, though. It was worth it. All right, man. Have a great weekend. I will. All right. See you. Bye-bye. Oh, my God. I don't think that step was necessary, Opie. What? I understand he wasn't going to sing from the bathroom, but... Now, Rick's got to go deal with this. Why is everyone leaving me? I don't know. I think you were a little harsh. No, he was being rude to us, too, man. All right, we got to take a break. I thought he was going to sing from the bathroom. I swear to God, I thought we were going to get him to sing from the bathroom. Well, that would have been fun, right? Yeah. What was the big deal? He seemed to not want to do it because of Elvis. Elvis died on the toilet. All right. So out of his love for Elvis. What happened? I thought we were just having fun. You're going to follow us all up. You treat them like good people. You don't talk down to them. Hey, fuck you. Jesus Christ. Shut up. You idiot. You're such a loser. Hey, fuck you. What a retard. You're high. What, are you stupid? Hey, fuck you. The Opie and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. Speaking of baseball, did you see the article in the Daily News today? They've got to get this point of view across, I guess. Baseball diamonds are a gal's best friend. Oh, the hunk-o-meter. Yeah, they're pitting a Jeter against Piazza. Obviously, for a hunk, who's the biggest hunk? Who's the biggest hunk? Yeah, Jeter or Piazza. She's got a bunch of stats and everything. This is Cheryl Connolly from the Daily News. You know, this lady smokes crack. She has to. She's writing a whole article on this, right, Amp? Yeah. And where he'd take you for a weekend getaway, Derrick Jeter. This lady assumes that Derrick Jeter would take you to meet his mom. Oh, sure. Yeah. I don't care that he plays with a Yankee. Is that what he calls his penis, Mom? Exactly. I take you to meet my mom. She's delusional. He's a guy, for Christ's sake. Where does she live, the Comac motorist? Who, rather? Odds on getting to third base with Derrick Jeter. Only if you're a pop diva who can hit the high notes. Oh, ho, ho. I think she's trying to be wacky. Wow, that was worth being on page nine of the Daily News today. Is this sports? Odds on getting to third base with Piazza. Only if you could dress flashier than he does. Does any sports fan really care about this? I guess she's catering to the ladies or something. Yay! I've done on everybody. I'm making a Mad Dog on a band. Today we're taking phone calls. Hey, you know who's the biggest hunk? Come on, look at Jeter with Piazza. You gotta give Jeter a lot of credit. I mean, he's got a nice ass. Look at him. Wait, Mad Dog, are you trying to tell me you're bored with taking phone calls about the Mets and the Yankees? Well, this is in the paper today. I'm trying to get the sport out of the internet. What would you like to talk about? Would you like to talk to some of your listeners today? Yeah, why not? I think we can take a few phone calls. Alright, why don't you throw the topic out there? Well, who's the biggest hunk? Jeter and Piazza. Yeah, I've seen them both. I've been looking at them. Jeter, I gotta give Jeter the ass. But Piazza's got the arms and I think Piazza's a little hairier. I perform my man with a hairy chest. And not enough I like Piazza, he's squatting all the time being a cat, right? Yeah. And he's got the testicles dragging in the dirt like that. It can make calluses and I don't think I want to handle callus-y testicles. Isn't that right, Maggie? That's right, DeWolk. And gee, he's been with some hos bags in his day, but I think I could turn him around. I'll take him in the backseat of my Toyota. Toyota. So who would you give the rusty trombone to? Well, yeah, you gotta go with Piazza and the rusty trombone. Because I'm not ready for the testicles, I'm not giving them a raise around. But you gotta figure out what I can do, he's squatting a lot of air blowing through back there. It's not going to stink, it's maybe a Jeter who's standing up a lot. Alright, let's go to the phones, alright? It's a great topic for your show today on WFAG. Alright, Joe, you're on the air, not going to have a bad time. Hi, I'd just like to say that Master Piazza has the best ass. What are you talking about? You gotta give Jeter the ass. I'm an ass man, I know, Jeter's got the better ass. Come on, my friend. He's got bungee-steel. You don't see him there when he's behind the plate, crouched down or bent over like that. It gets me so excited. Thank you, Joe. We never had a car like this in a van. As far as head goes, go on. I don't know, I kind of like the aqua-fabriagus button. I like the button in that short thing that Jeter's buttoned. You don't like that wacky beard of Piazza's or the wacky sideburns? No, I like a little bit of hair on my thighs. I don't like the short hair that Jeter's got. But I give me ass. That's right, dog. I've undressed both of these with my eyes. I've got to give, like I said, the ass to Jeter. A chest and arms to the ass. Nice, strong, manly arms. No surprise you like the Giants. I like... Yeah, Piazza, I know, if I'm in a sack with him, he could throw me around like a little spinner. And I'd still have a body sprain. But I think Piazza would be a lot more sensitive to my feminine needs. That's right, dog. Joe, you're on the air with Mad Dog. Is this Mad Dog? Mad Dog, yeah, I'm out of air. How you doing? I think that Jeter's better. Hey! Can't curse on the radio show. Oh, brother. This is just getting bad. That was pretty funny too, today. All right, let's take another break here, all right? Are you done, Mad Dog? Mad Dog. Why don't you bring Imerson with you today? Oh, geez, you want to go there? Nah. I've got my big fag cowboy hat on. My lap here is I'm looking at Piazza. And it's growing. Yeah, that guy gets the wrinkle out of my neck. 1027 WNEW. We've got to talk to Rick really fast here. On the instant feedback, Randy from Tarrytown, New York, he writes, I just saw that punishment video with Ricky. Holy geez, what a chokehold he had on that perude. Oh, yeah, I saw the clip, Rick. I haven't even seen it. All right, go over there and check it out on Anthony's computer. I'll explain while Ant gets the clip. We don't even want to talk about her anymore, but we have to this one last time. Christian, the Oklahoma prude, came down. She promised that she would bring beer and get topless for us and hang out in the studio. We said, cool, we like seeing naked breasts. Come on down. She comes down and she turns out to be the biggest prude ever to appear on the Opie and Anthony show. So we come up with this punishment. We make her see the 100-year-old lady having sex, a video that Steve from the Unofficial website brought in yesterday. And Rick is making her watch this video. Yeah, and he's really being forceful, which is kind of a good thing. But Rick, look at the hold you have on her. Do I want to see this? I don't know. Look at her go. That is so... Yeah, watch this. Now watch this. Here she goes. She's going nuts now. Come on, look up. Look, there you go. He's like, look up. You want to take your top off now? You want to take your top off now, don't you? You must have your fingerprints around her neck. Rick, what's wrong with you? Go into the other studio and get the real audio so everyone at home can hear it. We got the audio of Rick and the prude watching the 100-year-old lady having sex, and Rick is just forcing this poor girl. Now I feel sorry for her, forcing her to watch this video. I don't feel sorry for her at all, but boy, that Rick, huh? He's got a couple issues, maybe. All right, Rick, go ahead. Oh my God. Oh my God. And what's that? That is the man in his penis. So disgusting. Come on, watch. Sit straight and watch. Oh God. Watch it. Don't you turn your eyes. Don't you look away. Look at that. Oh, that's so disgusting. Look at it. Look at it. Look. Yeah. You like Grandma, right? Yeah. Look at that. Is that what you look like with your clothes off? Huh? Watch. They're holding you, Rick. Oh. Don't you turn away. Look. Look at it. At this point, you're grabbing her around the neck. Look at her go. Yeah. Look at her go. Yeah, this is your punishment. No, I can't. Oh, come on. Oh my God. This is your punishment. You wanted it. Oh my God. You want to take your top off now? You want to take your top off now, don't you? She's like, Rick, what's wrong with you? Keep the hands down. Oh, look, she's getting it hard. Look at her go. Look. Look. Isn't that great? Look at that. It's like a freaking... Oh, look at her go. Oh, oh. Here, look at this. Watch this. Watch this shot. Yeah, look at this. Watch that. See that? It's like an assault going on. Look at her go. You like that, right? Don't you turn away. Oh my God. Look at that. That's good, right? No. Is that the way you like it? Yeah, look up. Look up. Look up. Oh, you're missing it. Oh, you're missing it. Look at them go. Look, check it out. No. You want to take your top off now? Come on. Yeah, you do. Look at them. Look at them. That could be you and Grandpa. Oh my God. Oh my God. Come on, Rick. Come on. This could be you in 60 years. And the whole time, it's got her in a choke hold. Look up. Look up. Dude, she was fighting me. I had to stop. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Look. Oh my God. That is so disgusting. You're going to have dreams about that tonight. That is so disgusting. That is so disgusting. Watch. Watch this shot. I mean, the fact that I've never really seen a porno before. Look up. Look up. No. No. Look up. Look up. Look at her. She's getting it. She loves it. Grandma loves this time of year. Come on. Come on. It's like Thanksgiving. You are saying it. Come on. Come on, Daria. Oh my God. Little pumpkin pie. Little pumpkin pie. Little pumpkin pie. Little pumpkin pie. Oh my God. Little pumpkin pie right there. Look at it. Look. Look. You will love it. Take your top off now. I'll stop the tape. I'll stop the tape. Take your top off now. I'll stop the tape. No. Take the top off now and you won't be scarred for life. I promise. No. No. I promise. No. Look. Look up. Look at her. Yeah, Grandma's getting some more. Oh my God. Look at this. Uh-huh. That is so horrifying. Well, Rick, man. Rick, what the hell's wrong with you, man? That's pretty disturbing to listen to. That video is up on Steve's unofficial site and you can see Rick. I mean, you had her in a choke hold. Dude, she was fighting me. Fighting? Yeah. It's not one of the guys I- I didn't have any rope to tie her down with, so I had to hold her in place. Now you're bullying around like prudes from Oklahoma. Rick, checking in on the instant feedback. A rich Rick beats his wife. That's all he writes. John, what's going on? They got you out to Rick, man. What? Rick, you're a bully guy. You got to stop beating up women. And then you got- First you're beating on OP, now you're beating on women, guy. You got to slow down, man. Well, beating on OP and beating on women is the same thing. Rick is like that psycho guy from the movie 8mm. Is he into snuff flicks, too? Yeah. I'm telling you, Rick. And then you were like trying to pry her eyelids open. She was not looking at the film. Frank, what's going on? I think Rick the homo spick might have been a dominatrix in his past life. Oh, that's a good one. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. I'm telling you, Rick. All right, listen, this is the punishment. Pull her hands away from her eyes. Make her look at it. Yeah, pull her hands away. Make her look. She's covering her eyes. That would be Anthony. Shut up. Come on, make it. Rick, make sure she looks. Pull her hands away from her eyes. She's covering her eyes. Rick, pull her hands away from her eyes. Make her look at it. I'm serious. That's open. Thank you. Guilty. She's watching the hundred-year-old woman get bagged. This is her punishment. She has to look at a lady that's a hundred having sex on a videotape. Make her look. I'm serious. Make her watch. Make her watch. This is bad. Look at it. Look at it. Guilty. You can learn a lesson from this hundred-year-old lady. Make her watch. Make her watch. Pull her head up. Look up. See? You see? Oh, no. You're being a puss in there. Make her look. See? She's covering her face. She's covering her face. I didn't say that. I did not say that. Listen to Rick. That's not my voice. Rick sounds like a porn star. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Look at that. He's a porn star. You like that. Trust me. This is a real punishment. If you saw this video, pull her hands away from her eyes. See? She's horrified. All right. She's horrified. Look up. Make her look, Rick. Make her look. Make her watch. Get her back. Get her back in here. She's never seen porn before. Look up for that shot. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. I see she is lost got her eyes shut now she's got her eyes shut completely wrecked by him open you can tell the prudence is disturbed she is very disturbed she's wiping her eyes go ahead look up right well that's a unless I read God's day Rick's watching look at that accessories to the fact that I think she's learned a lesson right now don't bring her back in here now now keep her in the lobby with the mops that's the line alright I don't know it seems like Opie was a little more rambunctious than I was it's I got to save myself here we're back live again that was audio from yesterday I'm going to take the fifth too late until I talk to my lawyer I don't think that was my voice from yesterday thank you doctorate some somehow and what's the instant feedback saying now I'm not even going to I think it's down yeah I can't I can't seem to get any instant feedback Anthony again all you effing guys need wife be the t-shirt you dribbling pukes I'll say this association hello I have this number in my wallet I don't know where I am you don't know where you are I had this number in my wallet your loss I don't know I'm at a phone booth give me the phone number it's not on here is there's no phone number on the phone let me look what phone you're calling from a phone is there a phone number there yes there is could I have the phone number I believe it's the 8th hold on the phone can you hold on don't hang up hello yes can you hear me who's this this is a cell can you hear me hello don't hang the phone up hang up no do not hang up hold on please don't hang up I'm gonna put you on the phone with someone else hold on hang up what no it's cold you're cold colder yes I know cold like Brazil I believe I need a change they on the phone and I'm wet you're all wet yeah I'm wet okay would you just stay on the phone I need a change in and my nurse isn't here I'm gonna walk across the wall tell me the number I'm gonna walk across the street now who's this now I call my name hi Sam gonna walk across the street now you know what I grab you didn't walk across the street because if you walk I can't talk to you hello hello yeah are you still there who is this please this is Judy is this Bill where's Sam Sam just went out to get some coffee I hate coffee Sam knows I hate coffee well maybe he went to get you a coffee and he said he was going out to get a drink cars now a lot of cars I'm gonna walk gonna cross the street now you know what if there are a lot of cars you shouldn't be crossing the street here I go I know I'm talking I think my home is across the street here I go are you talking on the phone hello hello he's still here he did not hang up he put the phone down the phone he did not hang up oh my god someone call an ambulance hey I told you this is horrible why god he looks awful who is this who am I speaking to please I'm calling an ambulance can you give me the address he's a mess don't touch him leave him down there hello can you give me tell me where you are it's too late it's too late man spirit all over the road can you tell me where you are it's too late unless you got a shovel I will get a shovel where are you it isn't too late can't help you if you won't tell us where you are can you tell me where you are right now Disneyland in Disneyland can you tell me where in Disneyland Pirates of the Caribbean and the Pirates of the Caribbean I'm okay now you're okay you got all pulled yourself together again a car hit me and I feel fine now oh I'm so glad you feel fine you had me really worried that's all Bill needed was a little bumper can you tell me where you are Bill Jupiter now on Jupiter planet Jupiter is there a street number or a name on planet Jupiter 23 Jupiter 23 okay do you live there send a cab and I would happily send a cab to tell them to make a right at Venus right at Venus and it's Jupiter 28 Jupiter 28 that's what I said okay and what are you doing there now masturbating oh I see one oh seven WNEW and it's open Anthony and Adam Farrar sitting in on the show today having lots and lots of fun oh yeah well we got some up Bruce skis in here sure we just moved into a new office we had a second fridge yeah there was a refrigerator in the office that we're moving into but now we're taking the one that was in our old office and that's going to be the beer fridge just the beer sensible well it's a full-size Westinghouse refrigerator just the beer fridge send us some little cubby hole with some ice in it for food some cold-cut draw and throwing out we have our priorities you can't get beer balls anymore beer balls are used again I think I had them last weekend after a full night of drinking I don't know what you're talking about you know the beer balls not your own person but the one for public consumption right the beer but what do you how old are you would you and you're still and you're still buying beer ball me to buy your beer what are you gonna hang out in the woods you're a pissy you get him for lunch not a beer ball it's a keg I'm not messing around I remember the parties where there's someone here got a beer ball cool come on we'll go over Bison's house he's got a beer ball a beer ball we used to get him at the apartment you were always terrible I'll tell you one thing yeah these guys used to live together I'm strictly like a bud guy mm-hmm I like a nice ice-cold bud coming out of the fridge I hated when people would come over Adam with a six-pack of warm Meister brow we have LaBats Meister brow the master brew and I put it in the fridge and then pop a bud I was well okay how much money did I make mr. radio man oh yeah I was reeking raking in a fortune setting up above-ground pools yeah no I was bringing in more money digging holes for fences you work no I wasn't you were making more money than I was and then you went to that lucrative selling binoculars job that was a good one what are you doing Adam I'm selling binoculars and then the all-time favorite of mine when he comes over my house with a water filtration system now he's in he's in the water filtration business I have found the future he turned into Ralph Crandon I swear to God get down here he's trying to sell me on this idea water filtration Norton look it's the wave of the future mr. Monahan will back us all you need to be a millionaire is turn the wrench turn the wrench he's telling me about this blue cylinder that goes either under your sink or right there next to the faucet in a decorative canister and it hooks up to your system and filters your water you know how many impurities are in your water pal look at this sea monkeys floating in that and then I'm telling him well what what does this entail what do you have to do to get into this business to hook these things up are you installing them yourself do you hire a crew what he goes all you got to do is this and he makes the hand motion of turning a wrench that was it that's all he ever told me that's your key to the future cater to future you turn the turn of a record a turn of a wrench I go what what does it take what's the initial investment what do you have to do where do you keep the equipment turn it around turn it around he turned into Ralph friggin random but that was the best one after that that was and then he chose comedy I think you chose comedy as you were doing the water filtration dishwasher last week was I was a that it's a look at all the occupations that you would hear conditioning yeah I did that thank God I got out of that but I know I think you always made more money than I did now you could afford the Budweiser and not the Meister brow how do you think and what's the difference it's not like body buying Dom Perignon or anything like that it's but it's it always was a little more than the Meister brow but I hated that guys that would bring warm Meister brow put it in the fridge pop my cold bud take your bud I had to have money for the bread pudding what that that break used to live over at um Green Lawn an area of Green Lawn that was really really turning ethnic very quickly and a palatial place you had we used to call it the Anne Frank suite very nice you had to move the bookcase we'd go to the go to the deli around the corner and you'd have to put on your flag jacket I swear to God near Sam's Pizza yeah yeah over there right there was no where one road divides I swear it's like all of a sudden you're in Botswana it was I said angry they lost the soccer finals it was really bad it was bad it when the place was like the honeycomb high out it was like this little shack and his lean to but he had his Budweiser don't touch his bud sitting on the couch like the king get out of the way it's my spot my beer like that feed that my my my down down down go go go but I first moved in you could go to the deli moved in he was a squatter when he first moved in like there was a ceremony in a truck I paid the first month's rent yeah the landlord died and people drive by go nobody can live there we used the house a few times when we saw the landlord's car pull up yeah shut the lights in the TV dark behind the windows he peeks in yeah and we'd have to hide and you want to know what's funny he would look in his living room and go nobody lives there no one could possibly live in that squalor but when we first moved in there the neighborhood was still okay and you could go to the deli and get things you know I would like a Hammond Swiss on a hero with mustard please be okay right away sir would like coleslaw with that before it turned into the bodega all the sudden all I'm walking in I'm looking at foods it's like what what is this zebra it's a zebra meat bean pie my brother yeah I didn't know what the hell look oh please oh please hair the bell bell mate yeah you gotta watch out for those deli's with the deeper meat black no I but but the neighborhood turned really quick after that and the whole line of stores now is boarded up and the funniest part about the neighborhood the police station was three blocks down in the corner they never went down that street no hell no the cops wouldn't go down there I got a family I'm not going down there they were better on yeah and I would you want to drive down there oh man that was we had a lot of fun at that place it's that is very funny stuff remind me about it because I don't remember any of it you do it all is a blur I remember we used to hide stuff because there was holes in the walls so like you could you put stuff in the walls and everything it comes a landlord ditch the computer how about the time I dropped the camcorder down a hole in the bathroom wall into the ceiling of the downstairs apartment because they used to fight all the time down there and recorded everything you like Chuck Berry it's on the TV yeah we got it hooked up the TV's like yeah look at him fight oh he was like a mad scientist kind of like that scene in Revenge of the Nerds yeah that was it that was you and he was up there drinking his bug going look at that she ain't gonna take any more this watch she's gonna hit him take what I tell you we drop it through they had a hung ceiling downstairs so at first I had to drop through a string with a barbed hook at the end to lift the ceiling tile up a little bit and then we laid the camcorder down and just watched them yell at each other and while he was setting stuff up we'd be like humming the Mission Impossible music or I was gonna call him Anthony MacGyver oh yeah kind of stuff Diver I remember the night I spent in jail and I came I had to come back after that well I forgot about that yeah now Adam why did you have to go to jail the we played a gig actually at the was that LeBar by OTB that was another get rich whiskey I got a tip a race at aqueduct ship is coming in dumb legs in the eight what's the horse you bet on that died yeah died in the backstrap not but I mean really died they brought out a bulldozer and then dead drop dead animal house had a heart attack Adam just looks at me and goes I'm never betting with you again yeah and slept rock I had it to die I made a fortune tonight when the loser died yeah we we did a gig and we were coming home and yeah what you got arrested with some chick no the boy got arrested right the girl got arrested yeah she got she got arrested for drunk driving and I was in the car so the cop pulls her goes look she's drunk you got to drive the car home I said look you know I had some drinks too I'm not getting this car you're locking me up till he does not come on just follow me to station I said okay I can't was the girl with the big D's right yeah yeah sorry to take my sister at the time no I was no this was PD okay post dawn all right so we go in there and she's arrested and the guy comes out and the cop comes out and goes look she's got to sleep it off here and I said to be honest with you I had some drink I don't feel comfortable I better sleep it off with it yeah he's still trying to score can we get a private cell so she's sleeping off and I'm there it's the middle of night what call my parents hi I'm not arrested but I'm in jail you know my father would say stay there stay there right so I'm playing cop I'm playing cards with the cops there at night we just sit and I knock with a four Gary I want a couple of dollars playing poker with you got a and the cost and then the cops start like you know just nail me when he goes you're missing out on some prime rodeo time she's gonna sober up and not want any party hello I thought I'd inject little conversation here that has no place on this show I know that okay and Anthony more stupidity on the way one oh two seven w-n-e-w and by the way haven't heard of the news a clean little permit for his little million youth March as the mayor likes to call the six thousand youth March six thousand not a million people think that didn't show up it's about six thousand people he's being kind of think there were a couple hundred last year yeah yep so when does it start eleven o'clock Saturday morning on Malcolm X Boulevard I've been Harlem if you feel so inclined to show off Malcolm X Boulevard stay away whitey stay away whitey cracker alert cracker alert no cracker zone it is a cracker free afternoon on Malcolm X Boulevard in Harlem this Saturday was the last time you were up there who you can't homemade a cracker free I was done any year I was just up there um let's see when was I up in Harlem yeah Rick makes a good one Friday Friday on my way up to Massachusetts you were I had a cut through Harlem oh how many red lights did you go through I don't pay attention to traffic signals out there I don't pay attention to roads yeah I will drive on the sidewalk well you can't I mean I'm going up on the sidewalk at one point there's someone was like wow crazy as hell as I go out you can't even tell where the roads are in that oh my god I had like the whole front of my grill was a cold 45 labels from when I was just going through garbage pails and stuff and why why Rick makes a good point about the million youth march it's going to start at 11 a.m. and it's going to be done at 1101 so there's but Khalid Muhammad opens his damn mouth everybody disperse what do you say last year he said grab the cops guns and use them against it how is this guy getting another permit right if somebody can say that and then you wonder why cops shoot this guy was telling people if the cops come in to break up the controlled riot that's I don't know what to grab their guns and use them against the cops yeah what how do you say that and then the next year you're granted another permit freedom of speech Anthony unbelievable hallelujah free edge and Khalid's like yeah my brother's yeah rise up rise up grab the go who the cops here let me run out the back where I won't be seen for months the guy disappeared Reverend Al Stanaway to him yeah he makes all the he makes all the black leaders of the 60s and 70s really proud oh my god Muhammad Khalid Muhammad I don't know he won't you guess where I won't be Saturday come on Malcolm X Boulevard yes Malcolm X Boulevard I Vanjie we love Van oh wait I didn't go to Vanjie hold on Vanjie who lives in Harlem on the line Vanjie what's up yeah hi how you doing all right we haven't talked to each other in a long time why you sound upset Vanjie no like first of all why are you talking about like we got country roads up here what where did you go through no it's not country roads I think you missed a point um now I know I'll be completely honest with you when a white person like myself I'll speak for myself I had open when I'm driving through Harlem yeah I am scared as less so so what I do and then and Anthony does it too we drive through red lights and get the hell out well what if I don't understand because I don't understand it you know what there's part of that let me let me let me fill you in there's part of the you know that that white conspiracy what white conspiracy well there's a white conspiracy against black people remember oh yeah part of it is we can run through red lights in black neighborhoods and we just wink at the cops and they let us off the hook I'm sorry I had to fill you in on that one oh that's part of the white conspiracy oh but what are you going through that you're so terrified you know that when I'm going like you know back up to Boston and visit and stuff I just can never find that damn FDR man all of a sudden I'm like on first ab or something I'm like well there's got to be an exit for the FDR around here somewhere oh no I'm in the hundreds oh no oh my god that's 138th Street how'd I get up here hey this don't look like Midtown anymore where the people in the business suits but listen this thing oh that's a paranoia that goes through your head I'm just being honest with you Angie I really don't know why could you go from east to west on a hundred and twenty fifth Street it's all stores you got Starbucks Pathmark and all that stuff and it's nice so I don't know why you should be terrified I don't see the stores because the hour I drive past that all those big grates are down in front of the windows and stuff you know because they pull down the big locked grates yeah I don't know I swear I was driving through that Friday it looked like a scene out of my video game kingpin that I was playing like it just looked frightening the better you guys exaggerate Angie but we're just being honest I swear that there's not much there's not much of a bit here this is what this is what we do that the funniest line is Anthony going oh my that's 120th oh now I'm up in the hundreds what happened where's the bridge for God's sake I got across a bridge to safety well I need safety next time if you come up here I'll escort you through and well you walk through and nobody will bother I would like to try that but I'm telling you I'm paranoid I mean there's white people all the way up here I don't care what's that there's white people that live up here oh no there's not stop spreading that no come on for real you know that yeah they're called pimps wow you're crossing the line isn't that terrible oh that was just a joke no wait you know something I don't I don't know much about Harlem because anytime I've been up there it's been at night when I'm driving to get to a bridge and I don't really stop and look around believe me and I don't make any eye contact and I leave about five car lengths in front of me just in case I gotta make one of them quick getaway just in case someone you know get out the core you know get out the core well there's a difference though cuz I don't know it's bad now in my mind is bad and I still got my stupid mass plates on so it's just like oh brother here it is hey I'm a mark hi brother yeah no I'm just down from Worcester Massachusetts I need directions to the what's that listen that we're so uncivilized never hey look I'm raising the roof I'm like you homie we can't we all just get all up put the knife away please it's all stereotype we're just like you know like yesterday there was a Polish people today it's equal opportunity no well hey well no let's look we did rag the Mexicans early in the hour and the Hasidic Jews there were a couple jokes that came in for those folks today okay so okay cuz I was wondering when we were going to get our check take us up to Harlem one day and give us the tour I want to see the Apollo theater I want to see what did I say the Apollo theater yeah well it else is up there if you can take us for like a drive in your neighborhood yeah if we did it in a armored tank to the tour buses really go up there we go everyday okay oh without you that Mike, what's going on? How are you doing? All right. No, I just wanted to tell you guys, like, I'm a cop and I go home at night at midnight and I'm scared. I got a gun on me. I blow the lights too. He has a gun and he blows the red lights. You blow all the lights? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Cops got to be pretty cool with that. Like, if you see some guy blowing lights in a bad neighborhood and you pull him over or something, it's got to be like, hey, you know, officer, come on, look around. Yeah. You know, help me out a little here. That's a guy with a little black. You know where he's coming from. Come on. Well, it's, you know, it's just, it is a small percentage of people, but I think the image that some of these towns have are, you know, a little scary. Let's hear from Starks. Starks. Yo, what's up? You're from Harlem? No doubt. Yeah. Listen, y'all killing me over here, man. I understand. What's the matter, Starks? We're just being honest, though. We get a little nervous when we drive through Harlem. What do you want from us? Yo, I work in the projects, man. Nothing but nice people in Harlem. You dig? Nothing but nice people, man. Well, help us out. We'll listen to your side of it. Has it changed? I don't know. I just, I just. Harlem, you ever be, you know, you got to try to drive through Harlem, all right? It's like a different scene now. It's not like back in the day you hear stories. Yeah. Maybe that was true. I don't know, but right now. Well, maybe it's changed like Times Square's changing. Now there's no more stuff. And everything is like Disney. Maybe Harlem's like Disney. Do you have a Disney store in the middle of Harlem? Disney. Not really. Well, we got Magic Johnson open of everything over there. Magic Johnson with his movie theaters, right? Yeah, it's not. Off Mark, uh. I hear they have bulletproof screens at the movie theaters. Yeah, you're killing me. You can bust a few caps into the movie. Hey, uh, Starks. Yeah? How far you have to go to get to a Popeye's Fried Chicken? There's one up there somewhere. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Popeye's, Kentucky, what you want? Well, Starks, what can you tell Whitey about Harlem that we don't know? Yeah, we don't know. That we don't know. Listen, y'all got more respect than a regular brother up there. Yeah? I mean, it ain't my neighborhood, uh, got to get a bad ad, uh, a bad rap, you know? Yeah. But check it out, my, you know, I work with white boys all the time in Harlem. They cool. They hang. So we should just come up, visit and stuff? Why not? Check it out. Bring plenty of cash. You think we could do a live broadcast in the middle of Harlem? Yeah, that would be fun. Starbucks. Starks. Starks. You guys will walk by laughing at us. Look at the white boys in Starbucks. Yeah, right? White boys, well, I don't know why they put a Starbucks in Harlem. Well, we have to be educated. You know, we're ignorant. We are ignorant. We got to get up there and then take a look around because I'm just going off of what I heard and what I see when I'm driving through very late at night. It's very scary. Right. Yeah, what should be with that cop talking about he's scared? Yes. He says he's scared when he drives home. He has a gun. He goes for the red lights too. Yeah, he's full of s***. Don't go to 150 if it gets some head. Starks, you got some chops to you, man. We want to hang with you. You call back anytime. All right, no problem, dude. You're funny though, man. Yeah, you guys suck. All right, thanks, Starks. All right, bye. Starks trying to give us the other side of it. See, we obviously don't know anything about Harlem. We don't spend time up there. How can we make any kind of assessment? That's what we're pretty much proving here. Rosa, very pissed off at us. Rosa. Yo. Hey, what's up? Well, I mean, I'm black. I'm from Harlem. What's the deal? And you're listening to our show? Yeah. Man, I think that's awesome. Somebody got to listen to it. So help us out. We don't understand Harlem is what we're pretty much saying here today. Yeah, why is it that you don't understand Harlem? The people up there, it's just the skin is dark. We're naive white boys. We don't know about up there. What is it that you don't understand Harlem? I don't know. We get the image like a lot of people have that it's very scary and if you go up there, something bad will happen to you. Well, I was born and raised up there and there's nothing going on up there. People are trying to survive. What do you think? Yeah, but you're black. So? And you're white. And your point? So if we go up there, it's like are we going to be looked at as victims? Potential moths? Oh, please. Nobody's going to look at you like a victim while you're walking up there. No, I don't know. If I'm walking around and we just want to find the FDR, that's all. You don't know where the FDR is? No, honest to God, all of a sudden I'm in the hundreds and I'm getting really scared and I don't see a big sign for the FDR. I mean, I can't see why you all have a problem. I mean, I know people live there who are white and live in Harlem. Well, you're shining some light on the situation today. We've got to go up there. You've just got to be open minded and stop listening to the same old crap all the time. All right. All right, guys. Y'all be cool. We're going to try to understand it. That's all. That's why we brought it up on the show today. We've got to get up there, man. All right. You do. You've got to do a broadcast from up there. Yeah. We'll do that. All right. All right, Rosa. Bye. Bye, Rosa. Jay, what's up? Hey, man. What's happening? Hey. I can tell you guys, I've been up here 14 years. Yeah. They love the white boys. The girls down there, they know one thing, benefits. No? They love the white boys. They love your ass for that. And the brothers down there, they stay clear. They don't know if you're five-oh or not. Really? You can walk the streets, bro. Yeah. In and out of the buildings. They don't do a thing to you. You don't know. In Starks, man, Starks, you're cool, bro, but you're lying. There ain't nobody working on the projects. All right? Man. They use the same garbage in the back of the truck and ride around and around and around. Right. Oh, man. See, this is the kind of stuff we hear. Yeah. So we don't know what the real deal is. It's all right, though. I have no problem going up there. I'll go up there. We'll work something out. I mean, nobody's going to bother you up there. We're going to bring like a DAT recorder and we're going to record our day in Harlem. That's it, man. You want to do it? I'll do it. The project will find the tape years later. What was that? All right, man. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Josh. Wow, that's funny, man. It's a pile of crack pipes outside our tent. What does it mean? I'm sorry. I'm sorry I came up here. I'm sorry. What is that? Oh. Oh my God. What's that sound? Oh my God. Josh. Oh, man. What a mess. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Hey, the cop on the corner is played by Maury Amsterdam. After a week, my limbs are falling off. Watch as someone drives their car around the block with my legs sticking out the bottom of the car door. I'm dead. I'm dead. I was pretty fat toward the end. I had an Alan Font bunt. He was always getting in on the act. Now in addition to candid kids, watching horror as my head is on a table of a kindergarten class, screaming in horror. Oh, an extra treat. A bird's pecking out my eyeballs. Look at the screaming in horror of the children. Oh, Anthony, that's not the way I want to remember Alan Font. I think you would like to be involved in one last stunt like that. One last candid camera. Watch as they put me in a gay bar as a passed out gay man and I take it in the keister. Come on. Weekend at Alan's. Watch the horror of the bowler as their ball knocks the pins down but my head comes back in the ball return. Oops, watch my eyes. Come on, you wouldn't wise. I remember this. Al, what's up? It was on Playboy Channel or something. Unless there was other ones that people forgot about where I administered the jackhammer to certain people. Watch as Fanny Flagg is bent over a table as I pound her with the jackhammer. In this next clip, people pass by an ordinary lobby of a dental office as Adrian Balboa gives Jimmy Stewart a rusty trombone. Look at the horror. Don't be surprised if sometimes, somewhere, someone steps up to you and says, hey bitch, cover your gash. Watch the fun as this crack whore dies swallowing her own vomit. Laugh along with Fanny Flagg and Maury Amsterdam. Well, there he goes. Alan Funt dead at the age of 84, Anthony. Don't be surprised if sometimes, somewhere, someone steps up to you and says, hey Alan, you're dead. We were talking about this yesterday. Celine Dion, she's retiring. Don't even talk about it, I'll get all two of them. She's going to go away for two years and then she's going to come back. She's going to be bigger and better than ever for all those fat housewives. There's nothing else she's going to do. Oprah Winfrey made a huge deal about this. Was it yesterday? On yesterday's show, they had Celine Dion. This is dedicated to the people of the Titanic. I'm going to be the first to be crushed. The icy waters of the North Atlantic. I send this song out to all the people and to the survivors. Those who are able to live on with their lives after the great ship went down. You stole another bit from me, you bastard. The brave people who could survive the icy waters of the North Atlantic. In their boats watching the mighty Titanic slowly slip beneath the surface of the water. This song goes out to them. The survivors. She sings perfectly. Perfect English. Where is it? It was a tear fest on Oprah yesterday. We're going to mock this guy. I don't care what you got. This guy does sound like the biggest pussy in the world. During the cry fest, they had this guy read his letter that he sent to Celine. We've received a lot of mail from viewers who've been moved by Celine's music. Brian Cluse was watching our show the last time Celine was here and wrote us this letter. Dear Oprah, I'm sitting in my hospital room going through a bone marrow transplant for lymphoma. Celine Dion sang the theme to Titanic on your show. Celine. Celine. Celine in one of your previous shows and fell in love with your music, voice and great attitude for life and family. And camel tongue. Hearing Celine sing some of her songs had me bawling. Her song, Because You Love Me, couldn't have hit home more perfectly about the way I feel about my wife, Kathy. Listening to the song wasn't sure where my future was going, how I was going to survive the cancer and fight it and things like that. It just really hit home. After the show, I went right out and bought the CD and gave it to my wife. To this day, Kathy and I can't listen to the song because you love me without crying. The woman is a special, special lady. I couldn't imagine a day without her. She's everything to me. We wanted to do something special for you. So you're going to her final performance. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,