 He calls me at 5 in the morning to tell me that my sister had a boy. He's like, Dad, can you call it 9? I want to know the difference. You know? And he's all excited. I'm like, half asleep, great. And he's like, cool, let's eat. Let's eat. It's 5 in the morning. Where are we going? Now, wait a minute, though. You weren't so excited that you... I was very excited, but I would have been just as excited if I had a good night's sleep and the phone rang at 9 in the morning. I want to know the difference. OP. What? What time do you have to come to work? I have to come to work. I leave the house at 11, 1130. I couldn't get back to sleep. After your sister has a kid, then you're up for the day, of course. I'm surprised at you. I would think you would be excited about it. Even though it's early in the morning, you'd be happy to hear about it when it happened. I was very excited, but I want to know... Sorry you missed out on three hours sleep while your sister's sitting there giving birth. What a selfish man you are. As he's pumping out the kids. Pumping, as you so eloquently put it, pumping out a kid. I love the technical jargon you use. All right, well, here's the other thing. Phone rings at 5 in the morning. It's never good news when your phone rings at 5 in the morning. That's... So I wake up freaking out going, oh, great, you know? And then it's obviously good news, and I'm thinking, well, you know... You're still P.O.ed. No, I'm not P.O.ed. You selfish man. I'm very excited... God, are you selfish. ...for my sister. You're seeing way into this. No, you're venting for something that should be a happy moment. You're pissed because you awoke three hours earlier than your normal wake-up time. Ooh. Sorry. You're making more of it than it really is. Yeah, ooh, that easy childbirth thing. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. They're taping this break so they can play it for the kid when he turns 18. So I'm very, very excited for my sister Holly... Hate his uncle. ...and my brother-in-law, Michael. The birth of their lovely son, JD. And poor Bobby will be able to go to sleep a little early tonight to make up for the missed time. Yeah, I think I need a suckle tonight as well. All right. Well, we're ready, Rock. 212-757-1027 if you want to add something to this mess we call a radio show. The Facts Line, 212-957-WNEW. And you got the instant feedback all hooked up right now? Yes, we do. WNEW.com. Click on our little pictures and you can email us. I think we're going to play some Divo in just a bit. Stay there. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York. That's a band called Everything and the song's called Hooch. I believe they're going to be in the Imaginary Ballroom in the future to perform that song for us because we like it so much. Got to thank Johnny Lang once again for stopping by the Imaginary Ballroom yesterday. He did a great job. Wow. He had it going on yesterday. He was a great interview. He performed for us three songs and he rocked the Hammerstein Ballroom last night with Buddy G. And we just want to thank him again for stopping by and having some fun with us. You know what I saw coming by the park today? Huh? It was a very attractive young lady followed by, yeah, well, I know. Who are you kidding? She was wearing, I mean like just a notch up from even the rest of the very attractive young ladies. All you have to do is turn a corner in this city and you're convinced you've just seen the hottest girl ever, ever, ever. You turn the corner and someone beats it in this town. I know. It's amazing. Oh, well, she was going into the park and she's being followed by a photographer, you know, a professional. You see with the camera and everything. And she's wearing this little sundress thing with these little spaghetti straps. Goes into the park. Now I'm waiting to make a left turn. So now I'm not even paying attention to the light. I'm just looking. She goes behind the wall and I see her flip the straps off. But now I can't see because she's behind the wall and I'm waiting to make a left. Then of course I hear, but sometimes that's better. I know. Now you're thinking what is going on behind that wall? And it was quickly extinguished in my mind because I then turned around and you know who I saw? This isn't a joke. Who? Esterole. Get out of here. I swear to God. You saw Esterole today. I saw it from good times. I saw Florida from good times. And that image just, that'll cure anything on it. I could tell from the pack of hot dogs she had stapled to the back of her neck. She had that big inner tube neck. You see that? Notice that? James! Now JJ, what are you in trouble again? James! My God, James. Got to get Junior in shape. Falling in with the wrong crowd again. James! That's pretty much all she said on that show I do believe. James! Junior! Yeah, but I saw her. I did. Yeah, and Florida, right? That was her name, Florida. Yeah. Wait, who's the daughter? The hot one. Oh yeah. Oh God, why do you do that? Now I got it. Selma? Selma. Selma, right? Yeah. Wait, what? Yeah. Wait, she was the first girl I saw naked in Playboy, right? Does anyone else remember this? Selma, right? The hot... Yeah, she was. Thank you. She did pose in Playboy. Thank you. In the post-good times years. I was just a little fidget. I was like 12 or so, or 13. I went to the stationary store and I stole my first Playboy. I can grab. And she was the centerfold. Wow, really? Yes. I totally remember this. That was the first centerfold? First centerfold, first Playboy I ever got, which I stole. And that Playboy stayed in the woods for months. I mean, months. Months. All my friends got a peek. When you built your tree fort, right? Yeah. Like as kids, your money, your currency was Playboy. Sure. Pretty much in the woods. You'd climb up to your tree fort with your pals and thumb through Playboy that you'd either find or steal from your friend's dad. Playboy, when we were growing up, was like gold. It was cold? Hard cash. I hung out with this one kid just because we knew where his father's Playboy stash was in the house. That was the only reason I was friends with this guy. And I'll admit it here on the radio. No, my first Playboy centerfold was? Oh, Barbie Benton. Oh. Remember the Barbie Benton shot in front of the pinball machine at Heff's Playboy mansion? Like it was yesterday. I totally remember that spread. Let me do the breath. But that was the thing when you were a kid, man. You'd be walking to the woods, walking home from school. What do you want to do today at school? I don't know. I guess we'll burn some army man and make that vroom, vroom, vroom sound. Yeah, that sounds cool. Kyleese, what's that? What's that? What's Kyleese? Oh, man. Look at what they turned. It was like a scene out of one of those old oil movies in Texas when, pshhh, you can see the gun shot. Oh, man. And it didn't matter what you had planned, what you were doing. You sat there for hours and hours and hours. Some enthrallment. We got a big piece of plywood and we put our stash under the plywood so it would stay longer in the woods. Sometimes it would be ravaged by a rival tree fort gang. Dang. And then you'd have to have the rock fight. Yeah, yeah. Then you'd have to have your rock fight. Well, they'd all start off as dirt bomb fights. Oh, man. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, as dirt bomb fights over the fence. Yeah, yeah, you get it. I'm going to get you. Until you heard that dreadful. And then what do you do? In all your mercy. Run! Run! And you'd run home and hide until the phone rang. Prayers, prayers. And you'd know. He did. He was. You listen. Oh, no. OK, we'll take care of this. Thank you. I'm sorry. No, we'll pay for the bill. Who threw a rock at the Johnson child? Was me. Did I? Did I? Did I? Did I? Did I? Did I? Oh, God, that brings me back. Going back down memory lane just because you saw Esther Roll. Started with Esther Roll and we ended up with rock fights. Dang! I don't get it. All right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Brand new listeners to the Opie and Anthony show. Definitely appreciate that. Look at all the phones ringing like crazy. We're sparking some childhood memories today. That's for sure. You want to take one on drunk driving? Uh oh. We don't endorse drunk driving. No, but everybody, especially years ago, has done it. Yes. And we're just bringing back some memories. Give us a call. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. Brand new band called The Flies and got you where I want you. It's Opie and Anthony. Say hi to Randy in Huntington. What is he writing on the Instant Feedback through the WNEW website? Play Misty for me. He knows you hate that. I do hate that. Yeah. Well, I've been DJing since I was 18, and that movie with Clint Eastwood really freaked me out. Yeah, that's like a fatal attraction kind of thing. Yeah, you want a good double feature, rent that and talk radio. Talk radio. Oof. Oh, we also got another one here. I'm one of your buddies in Comac, I guess. Wow. Opie, when you left Long Island, when you used to work out on Long Island, the trip home from Manhattan got even longer. It's great to have you back in New York. You're better than ever. Oh, oh, and Anthony's not bad either, it says in parentheses. I get a little sub recognition. Keep it up, Rich in Comac. Yeah. Oh, sorry, we haven't added in the boo boo boo from the old days, Rich. Sorry, Opie hasn't brought that one along. What the hell is that all about? I don't know what you're talking about. Hey, all right, it's Opie, boo boo boo. What the hell is that? What the hell is that talking about? It's an amazing call. What is that? I have no idea what you're talking about. Well, you had your cute little sucky show until I came on. Yeah, I'm better than ever because I discovered Anthony. He was drunk on a corner somewhere and he needed a job, so I brought him along. Hey, say that. You're a bitchhead. When you tell people what you did before, I discovered that you were really good at radio. Oh, me? I know we're equals right now, but there was a time that I, Opie, discovered you, Anthony. I went to years of college for radio. I didn't even make it out of high school. Who are you kidding? I was in the hottest attics in the middle of the summer installing air conditioning ductwork. That's what I did for a living. I hide all my compadres out there in Apollo air conditioning. That's where I worked. I was doing a radio show and Anthony had this band that did some killer song parodies and originals, obviously. Yeah, yeah. Rotgut, we should give them a high. A plug, sure. Anthony, I met him really drunk and stuff and said, get me out of this line of work. We hit it off and he started doing my radio show in Long Island and the rest is history. Yeah. We moved on to Boston and then we got fired up there and here we are in Manhattan having a ball. A boo boo boo. I have no idea what you're talking about with that one. Oh, God. Opie is the, I don't know why. I never knew what that was. Well, a boo boo boo. I had this really wild night show and I would talk to a ton of people and somehow that, I refused to do it. Come on, give your listeners one, Opie. I want to hear it like Gallagher smashing the watermelon. You got to do it. I'm just like J.J. Walker. I don't say it anymore. Dynamite. You don't want to hear dynamite. Your little catchphrase. I had a talk show with a lot of music and after each phone call for some reason we started saying, a boo boo boo. I don't know why, but then I had to do appearances at clubs and stuff all over Long Island. You want to talk about embarrassment. I was known for that little phrase. We've grown up. Thank God. Not much. That was extinguished up in the fall. The reason the show is much better than Long Island is Anthony, of course. I know your air conditioning installation jobs are suffering from you not being out there people and I apologize for that. You never worked at that job. Yes I did. Stop. My ex-bosses are probably listening. Oh yes? I don't know. Oh no? You want to get me in trouble? Tell your ex-boss to call in. I'll give him all the stories. How we would like people off job sites and we'd go drink in the afternoon. Come on. I never did that. To talk about our future radio show that we were putting together. How I used to haul my J&D with the company van. Yeah. And how you used to... No. I never did that. But I knew people that did that. No, forget it. I'm not even going to talk about it. Were you really allowed to drive that van when you weren't working? I never drove the company van without permission. Written permission. Yes. I swear to God. I was good. I was the best. Yeah. Okay. Very good. So before I discovered you what you were doing? Yes. I was in front of a glory hole down in the village. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. My life was hell. Thank you. I'm forever indebted. Boo boo boo. Okay. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. ZZ Top. It's Opie and Anthony. Everyone is talking about Monica Lewinsky today in Manhattan. I did not have sex with that woman. You didn't, huh? I didn't. You sure about that? I am positive. I did not have sex with that woman. I think we're going to find out if you had sex or not soon, Mr. President. What is sex? Well, you have a... That's an abstract thought, isn't it? You have a different definition of that word than the average schmo. I'm the president. I can make the rules. Oh, I see. I hereby declare sex has to be laying down. Laying down? Yeah. Well, you said that oral sex isn't cheating. Oh, it's not. It's not? It's not cheating. Oh, interesting. I'm trying to get that past through the house. I think it's going to go. It really do. You do, huh? Yes. And I hold back, too. I don't go all the way. That's not sex, either. Well, guess who's on the phone, Mr. President? Who? Oh, no. Tom Brokenjaw. He's got the latest on the Monica Lewinsky situation. All right. So you better listen closely, Pres. Hello, this is Tom Brokenjaw, NBC Nightly News, from Washington. Now that she has received immunity from prosecution, Monica Lewinsky has prepared to testify that she and President Bill Clinton discussed how to conceal their alleged sexual relationship. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Tom, what's wrong with you today? You don't sound yourself. Well, I was painting my office without adequate ventilation. And what, you're a little lightheaded? Lewinsky, the independent counsel, Ken Stodd's prosecutor, as she and the President were talking about cover stories. for our relationship, as two people in such situations frequently do. How to keep it secret one source says Tuesday. Also, Secret Service records say that Marshall Lewinsky made 37 visits to the White House while Hillary Clinton was away on overnights. Thus a peaking suspicion that they didn't have some sort of sexual relationship. Tom, you sound worse than ever today. Are you alright? This is Tom Brokensaw, NBC Nightly News. Alright Tom, thanks a lot. Excuse me? Thank you. Alright, hang up the phone. Good night. Bye bye. Okay, there he goes. I think we got some new info on the Monica Lewinsky situation through Tom there. Yeah, I heard Secret Service records say that Monica made 37 visits to the White House while Hillary was away. Every time she made that visit, Hillary was out of town? Well, she might have made more visits than 37, but on 37 occasions that she did visit the White House, Hillary was not there. Guilty. I mean come on. Guilty. Let's give them let's say 15, 20 visits. 37 times. She was there. Hillary wasn't. What do you think was going on? Well, they weren't playing Monopoly. No. This is going to get really, really interesting in the coming weeks. Now the President is going to have to testify. I think. And he's going to have to think of what Monica said and think of brand new lies. Brand new lies, which Clinton has been very good at. Sure. Coming up with lies. He is the king of deny. I have faith in him. He will deny, deny, deny and come up with a lot of great new lies. Deny. Lie. Deny. Hey, I want to turn you on to something brand new here. This guy's name is Sean Mullins. He's from Georgia. Major buzz going on with this guy. He recently played the bottom line and there was like a feeding frenzy going on with a bunch of record labels. He's on like a tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny independent label right now. And the big boys are fighting over him right now. Can't even get this album yet in New York. Hopefully in the near future you can. But we want to play it for you here on NAW. You're hearing it here first. This is Sean Mullins and Lullaby. Take a listen and tell us what you think. 1027WNEW where rock lives. It's Opi and Anthony. Hi Brad. I always thought you were cute. Brad, I know I've always wanted you. All right, we'll play that song next time. BBK. Now you got people going, damn man, it's my favorite. I know. We can play that whole first Cars album and I'd have no problem with that. Every time I hear that song though, BBK coming out of the pool with the mist of water around her. But they wrecked it with the TV edit. Yeah, well every movie is like that. In the movie, in the video. Know what I do? Like Caddy Shack is one of my favorite movies. If I see it on TV, what I do is I don't even bother. I run out and get the video. Rent it. I rent it on the spot though. Screw this. No commercials and I get to see all the stuff that they cut out on the movie. Yeah, but you know you tune in when it's on TV. It doesn't matter what part of the movie that's in there. Certain movies you will just tune in if you're flipping through the channels. It's two in the morning. If it's on, doesn't matter. Ten minutes before the end, you're watching it. It just started. You're watching it. It's a half hour through. They wrecked Animal House. Animal House. The TV version of Animal House was brutal how much they cut that up. A lot of celebrities in the news. You heard about Cindy Crawford, right? What about her? She's posing nude for Playboy in October. Yeah, October issue. But the problem is, now do you remember when Cindy Crawford posed in Playboy about ten years ago? One of the hottest issues ever. Yeah. I mean ever. Talking about Playboy a lot today but this happens to be in the news. That's right. That's right. We were talking earlier about our experiences with Playboy growing up. As a matter of fact, on the view, I saw Elisa Renna from Melrose Place. Okay. And she posed in Playboy naked when she's pregnant. Really? When she was pregnant. What about Cindy Crawford? Ten years ago, she showed it all. Now Cindy is too big of a star so she's not going to show her patch this time around. But she's going to show the rest of her body but hey, I am too big and famous to show my patch. I love your terminology. You must have gone to medical school. First you say that your sister, what was the term you used for having a baby? Pumped out a baby. Pumped out a baby. She did. And now Cindy isn't showing her patch. Okay. Just want to get it straight. Because she's too big for everyone. I want an opi-thesaurus. That's what I want. But anyway, I have a problem with this. She's getting too big for a britches. Show everything. You did it ten years ago. Maybe the airbrushing won't work as good as the... Show it before you get a little older, Cindy. You're getting just a little long in the tooth. You know that mole was real cute ten years ago but I got two words for you. Aaron Neville, look into it. Oh, come on. Don't give us that attitude. If you're going to pose in Playboy, go the whole way, man. I'm going to show your old aunt or grandmother that has that big hairy mole on her lip that you have to kiss on holidays. I'm sure that looked just like Cindy Crawford when she was young. Of course it did. Also in the news, Jim Morrison, his grave. Did you know you could lease a grave? Lease it. You could lease a grave. Like a car? Yeah. The deal is because of all those drunks and stuff partying at Jim Morrison's grave. When his lease is up in 2001, they're digging him up and they're going to put him somewhere else because he's in that really, really famous graveyard and they've had it over there. Digging up Jim. He's hanging with all the famous poets and writers and stuff and all the drunks are wrecking it for everyone else and now they've got to dig up Jim's body and put it somewhere else because his lease is up. What were they going to do if his lease is up? Re-up? I don't know. Why couldn't you just pay for it and just leave him there? That's bizarre. And something we mentioned yesterday I want to get into real fast too. Jay Leno is thinking about doing wrestling like you said yesterday. Oh, it's the chin. Yeah, he's going to do that chin maneuver you were talking about. Well, most wrestlers, they use their elbow. They go out in the ring and hit him with the elbow. I like to use my big cleft chin and grab people's heads in it and smash it on the mat. That's how big wrestling is getting. Jay Leno is getting involved. Lovely. That's embarrassing when people who have legitimate careers get into the wrestling thing. It is. Well, they're looking for publicity obviously. Look at Cyndi Lauper. That's like totally wrecked. The career she had. It did too. She was pretty hip and popular in her own right with songs and stuff. She made a great pair with Katz and Luel Bell. Oh, stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. She made a great pair with Katz and Luel Bell. Oh, stop. That was the lamest thing ever. No, I thought it was cool. She really looked real when she was hitting people over the head in wrestling. Oh, I see. I see. Now I'll be being sarcastic. I get it. Ice, ice baby. Oh, please. Ice, ice baby. I can't even start. 1027WNAW, the rock of New York. When Ice-T did that crappy song, remember you'd be tolling around thinking you got your favorite radio station on. You're like, oh, cool. You didn't even blow it under pressure. You're like, yeah, cool. Cool. Ice, ice baby. What's that? I love the VH1 specials they do on like him and Milli Vanilli. You watch how they rose to fame and fortune only to fall off the cliff. That's why you and I don't expect to race. No, you can't get hurt on the first rung of the ladder is what I say. As long as you stay right there, you fall off, you're like, oh, I'm on the ground. Yeah, exactly. Wasn't that bad? We'll keep it real. You're way up top, you're going to get hurt if you fall off. That's right. It's Opi, it's Anthony. Please tell me you saw the Guinness Book of World Records show last night on Fox. Oh, you missed it? Oh, I missed it. It was such crap. Really? It was horrible. That's one of those fun Fox shows. Scariest police chases. Oh my God, look at that. Yeah. They had one guy set a new world record. He put eight swords down his throat. Nice. That was like the sword swallower. The sword swallower. You've seen a few people in the village could beat that one. But he held the old record of seven and he put another one in for eight. I was like, wow, very exciting. Big whoop. OK, what else? The problem is the Guinness Book of World Records, they're starting to invent records. They used to have the tightrope record where guys would go to really tall buildings and walk across and that would be the record. They've run out of buildings because we haven't built them any higher lately. So now there's a new record called the tightrope between hot air balloons. Come on. And this guy was like three miles up in the air and he walked between two hot air balloons without a parachute. Without a parachute? Without a parachute. So they invent this brand new world record. Like a lot of people are going to try this. Don't try this at home. Did they say that 18000 times? A million times. Oh, you know, I was thinking of going home and shoving eight swords down my throat. Please. But you missed tumor lady. That was the only thing I wanted to say it for. The whole reason I watched the show, they actually showed the lady before the surgery. Did you see tumor lady? Matt Devote? I got to join you on that. Oh, cool. Come on in here. She had a tumor lady. How big was this tumor? 300 pounds. 12 pounds or something. Oh, yeah. And they showed her before the operation, Anthony, she looked like she was going to give birth to a baby elephant, right? It was Mount Mom. It was that septuplet lady, you know, just huge. Even bigger than that. And you know what I found amazing? The promo building up to it was these people dared to push the limit. Who said I'm going to go have a tumor? The guy on the pogo stick for three days. You know what I mean? That's pushing the limit. The woman just walking down the street, boing, you know, you got a tumor. Did you hear what grows inside tumors? Because they examined it after they took it out of this lady and they had it on the gurney. Oh, no. Stop it. They said because of, I don't know, the material that creates this tumor, there was hair and teeth inside the tumor. Hair and teeth. Hair and teeth. Yes. It was growing inside the tumor. They explained it, but I was too busy shocked at how big this tumor was that I wasn't listening too closely. I think because the tumor ate somebody. She's sleeping, the tumor like just crawls down the street, grabs somebody. Oh, she lost 312 pounds overnight. Hours. Overnight. Did they give it a tumor makeover? Like Sally. Sally's going to have the tumor on her show and give it a tumor makeover. Beautiful hair and your great tumor. They get like a little work in the highlights and my tumor needs a pedicure. What a sick show though, huh? Yeah. The Guinness Book of World Records is no fun anymore. They got rid of all the freak records. Some of them aren't even records. Like the world record that is really in the book is Neil Armstrong, First Man on the Moon. Now how do you break that record? I'm the first man on the moon. What kind of record is that? It can't be broken. I used to like the old book when you would buy it and stuff like the big fat twins on their motorcycles and stuff. They don't have those pictures in the new editions anymore. The guy that they buried in the piano case. Those were the records. Ying Ying Yang, whatever the names are, the Siamese twins. You see all these men in the world and you see them with his brother and they say John is like 7 foot 8 or something. John's wearing the tie it says. You don't know who that is. That was a great book. That's what I call, you know what kind of book I call that? I call that a leg number. A leg number. Why? You keep it in the bathroom. You'll sit there until you become a paraplegic. And you get up off the ball and you're like whoa! You fall over. Whoa Mike, I can't walk! Oh no, I have butt hickey. I have the big round butt hickey. Damn that was a funny interesting book but now I can't walk. I'm on the bathroom floor with butt hickey. It's true. Hey man, we gotta run something by you. We're talking about the Guinness Book of World Records. Did you know that Anthony and I attempted a world record? No. But we don't know if we should play this. It is a Charles Caroll thing isn't it? No, no, no. Well you see we found out through the book that the record for the flightless bird flying like chickens and stuff was 13 seconds. So me and Anthony thought what better way to get publicity than set a record and be in the Guinness Book of World Records. So we attempted to set the record for the flightless bird flying. Oh no. All it had to do was last 13 seconds. Yeah. And can we play this or what? Does the audience know us well enough yet? I think this is evidence. Evidence? I don't know. Well honestly we got in a lot of trouble and we paid our dues. Am I going to be subpoenaed for this in a couple of months or something? We already completed our community service and we paid our dues to society without a doubt. Alright. So we'll warn people in advance that yes this was a horrible thing. But before you write your letters we did pay our dues. If you're with PETA turn your radio off right now. So here's me and Anthony trying to set the record for the flightless bird flying. All it had to do was last 13 seconds. Oh no. Anthony! So you're on the roof huh? Yeah. What are you like 60 feet off the ground I'd have to say? Yeah it's like 6 stories maybe even a little more. No! Yeah. I think we're going to set this world record bro. I think we are because it's a nice warm day and I hear that things have more lift when the air is more dense like this. Alright well our chicken only has to last about 13 seconds. 13 seconds. Okay. Brian's bringing over the chicken. Yeah we got to thank Brian for getting us that chicken. Wait a minute. Oh here he is. That is a big ugly chicken. It sounds very healthy like it might be able to fly 13 seconds. It does. It's got a big wingspan too. Alright. Alright it's fat though that might not be good. Uh oh. It's like being raised to I think lay eggs. Alright well I guess we're ready on this end. Whatever you're ready to do. Okay. I don't want to touch him. Wait a minute. Alright. He's trying to nip me. He's trying to. Hold his wings down. They're flapping around. Wait a minute. Alright. Alright I'm going to the edge of the roof with him. Alright cool. Should I just heave him off? I say just kick him off man. Alright here he goes. Alright. There he goes. He's off. He's going. Alright 13 seconds. Come on baby. Come on baby. Come on. Stop the watch. Stop the stop watch? Stop the watch dude. Oh what happened? Oh my god he did a header. He did a header. This thing didn't even fly it went straight. Stop. Oh this is horrible. Dude it's flopping all over. Dude step on his head or something. It's flopping around like oh this is disgusting. How many seconds do you think it lasted? I threw it a flightless bird but you think it could fly a little. It was no more than 4 seconds. It went straight down. Amateurs. Like cumbling. Oh god. Oh dude. Well there is some good news that came out of this. We do have dinner so. I feel bad. You do? Dude we'll eat it. It will go away. Okay. Alright well there you go. There's our world record attempt at trying to make a chicken fly for 13 seconds. Four damn seconds. Alright brother man. I'll be right in. You know you need. You just need a taller building. Oh I know. That's it. Well we've got taller buildings in Manhattan. I don't want to have to relive that moment. Maybe we can try it again. We're going to be the Rock of New York. The latest from Aaron Smith off the Armageddon soundtrack. That's What Kind of Love Are You On. It's Opie and it's Anthony. We've got Foot on the phone real fast. Footy. Foot. I saw that world record show last night. You did? Yeah I saw that world record myself. What? Like the time that the vomit watching them yank that tumor off that woman. That was so sick wasn't it? That was. And you know the funny thing is they're blanking out like a picture of a breast and her ass and stuff like that. You don't want to see that. You want to concentrate on this gross tumor. The funny thing is now this woman was about three years before she went in to have this. They should have pulled out a brain to have a head exam and how long do you wait to have this removed? Well it's 100 pounds. I don't want to seem like I'm pushing or anything. No it's 200 pounds. No I don't want to seem like a hypochondria. What is she waiting for? This thing to pay rent? I think she ran out of wicker furniture in her apartment and decided it was time to get the tumor removed. Alright guys be good. Alright man. Bye bye. Our heroes. Wow. It's opiate and it's Anthony. This just in. Hot off the wire. Look at us. We're cutting edge. We got news as it happens. Verdict against the one of brawly advisors. It's in. The Reverend Al Sharpton, C. Vernon Mason and Altamatics must pay $345 million in damages for defaming Steven Pagonis. How much? $345 million. That's how much it is. Reverend Al has to come up with that much money? Alright here are the breakdowns. Here are the breakdowns. Sharpton held liable for $65 million. He's got to come up with $65 million. Altamatics held liable for $95 million. C. Vernon Mason ordered to pay $185 million for a whopping total of $345 million in damages for defaming Steven Pagonis. Now where are they going to come up with this type of money? I think I saw Al Sharpton before trying to hail a cab. I need to get to Greenwich Connecticut. I got to play powerball. You got to be in it to win it. I got to play so I can play. A dollar in a dream to wipe my debt clean. Because of that one of brawly I need to play powerbally. Give me a cab dammit! 1027W, NAW, the Rock of New York. That's the band called Fuel. Song is Shimmer. Thought we'd try to turn you on to something different today. First time we're playing here at NAW. What's wrong Anthony? I'm bumming out. Why? I think I have destroyed my journalistic integrity. Why? Well I have my laptop right here. I was punched onto the eyewitness news. ABC website. See that's where I made my mistake. I should have went to the CBS one. They gave me false information. Get this. Verdict against the one of brawly advisors is in. Yeah it's great news. Sharpton has to pay $345 million for something you were saying about 15 minutes ago. They printed million. It's $345,000. Total? Big difference isn't it? A total? Reverend Al has just got to come up with $65,000. That's pocket change for him. Shump change! That's shump change for the Reverend. He spends more than that on hair process. Jerry Curl. And Alden Maddox $95,000 and C. Vernon Mason $185,000. I'm sure the community will cough up that money to them when they go bitching and moaning. That's a bummer. Yeah I thought it would be a lot more. I think a man's reputation is worth a little more than $345,000 for how they dragged that guy through the mud for years and years. Yeah well that seems to be it. I'm sure they'll have a march, get the community together and fleece their flock for the $345,000 like they have been for years and years. Well your Powerball bit was still very funny. He probably still is. I'm playing Powerball! Can I hear those rhymes again? You gotta be in it to win it! Because of that Tijuana Brawley, I need to play Powerbally! Very nice. He's only got to come up with $65,000. Just sell that big Volkswagen hubcap medallion he wore back in the 80's. That'll make up for it. He could sell some of those sweatsuits to the Hard Rock Cafe or something. He's losing his credibility in the community and LL Cool J is losing his credibility in the community. Has anyone else heard of those commercials? He used to be the rapper. He was the guy man. Streetwise rapper. And now he's in the new Halloween movie. H2O. I guess Halloween 20th anniversary is another thing that's ticking me off. Why can't we just have a movie title or something? It's all got to be condensed down to three letters or numbers. What was that? The year 2000 bug? Y2K. Y2K. Now it's the year 2005. And movies doing the same thing. What was that? ID4? Independence Day. How did they get ID4? What about T3? T3. T2. I'm tired of it. Let's just get a movie title. Thank you. OP1 right here. The H2O movie? You know it's going to stink. Know why? If it was really good they would have put it out in time for Halloween. They're just sneaking this movie right past you. Because every year for many years they always release those movies in time for Halloween because it was much more effective. But this movie I believe is so bad they just want to sneak it past us in the middle of summer and move on. What? And LL's in it. Oh LL. What? What did he do? He's lost his credibility. He used to be the hip guy. He was the hip rap guy. Now he's with the gap. The G to the A to the P and the P. What? You're rapping about jeans. Isn't there something to rap about? You used to rap about street cats. Yeah or about just being in it. Right. In the game. Right. Right. You're a G in the game. Right. The G to the P and you buy your socks for free. What? What? LL. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. Mott Seeger. Good song but it brings back some nightmares from past weddings. When that one comes on at a wedding you can't even get up to go to the bathroom. No. Because if you walk near the dance floor the drunken ant grabs you. Come on! Still like that old time rockin' dancer. You look like a jerk in the video. And it's always the older ant that still thinks she's really hip and cool. Oh no. She wants to show everyone that she's hip and cool so she dances to Bob Seeger because she thinks that's today's music. I like the new music. Right. How about this one? Oh my God! Oh my God! It's a chicken dance! Hands up! Hands up! Oh no. And you just want to run. I can't get. I am going to strap myself to the seat at every wedding I go to because no matter what. I got to sit there and beg while my arm is getting pulled up. Dance! I'm not dancing! My chair is getting dragged. They don't understand. I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! I'm not dancing! And that is all captured on the video. You look like a complete hay haul. Yeah, but get away from me. I wind up like cursing at relatives. Get away from us, bro! I'm not going to dance! And make your ants go crazy. You could be at the table talking to your friends about what is going on with your life. Yeah, I got this really cool job at Andy Toldoh, stuff. Yeah, it is working out really cool. Most of the listeners hate us but every day, we are getting some new listeners. I think we We can make it go at it all the time in the background. Oh my God, Anthony, come on! This is my favorite song! Let's do it again! Oh God. Next thing you know, your normal conversation is rat. And you're dancing, or you don't even want to dance. Oh yeah, oh I want to do the kick line. New York, New York with a bunch of my drunken friends again. Can't I just rent the video from 10 Weddings Ago and play it back? Can you just dub that part in from whatever's wedding? Come on Anthony, why aren't you doing the Congo line? Oh yeah, come on, yeah let's all do the Congo line. Oh let's walk around the tables and pick a get away from me! Let's get really wacky and walk the Congo line into the kitchen. Oh that's zany! Oh look at Grandma! She's 104 and she's on the Congo line. Look how cute! Doesn't she look beautiful? Look you look beautiful! No, you know what she looks? She looks old. It looks like an old lady in a prom dress. The only place you see that is at a wedding.