 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York don't forget later this hour when you hear Angel from Aerosmith be the 10th caller at 212-757-1027 and you're gonna win tickets to see Elton John at Madison Square Garden doing that all weekend long for you right here at NEW. Hey. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey good afternoon on this fine Friday. Weren't we just here? Yeah we were but that was Thursday now it's Friday and we're in a good mood. We're heading out to the Hamptons trying to see the President. You're trying to drive out to the Hamptons you're not having much fun. Well supposedly a lot of people are just staying in the city this weekend they're not going to deal with that garbage going out there in the Hamptons. It's a mess out there. Yes. We'll have to have Charlton Heston come by later and give a little traffic report. A lot of people I was reading the email before we went on the air they can't wait for Charlton Heston traffic today. Well no one could quite tell it like him. That's right. Hey breaking news with Gary Coleman. Yeah Gary Coleman is wanted by the police. He's wanted by the police. That can't be he can't be hard to find. He can just look at the street. Exactly. Look down. So what did he do? Well there was some kind of thing going on I guess he was signing autographs. For what? I have no idea but a girl behind the table said I see why you don't get many adult acting roles anymore. I could see why you were a child actor but you don't get any adult acting roles. He didn't like that too much. He put his pen down walked around the table stepped up to her and punched her in the eye. Wait wait Gary Coleman punched her in the eye? Yeah. What was she kneeling? You know what she laid on the floor? Maybe she was like seven or something. His life has gone bad lately because he took a job as a security guard around a studio because he wanted to be around acting still so he's like a security guard. What you talking about? We just right him and the other one what was his name? Oh Dana Plato the girl right and they all went bad. Oh about tie bridges. Tie bridges yes from different strokes. So now they've all gone bad. Yep and now he's on the lam. He's a wanted man. Gary Coleman's a wanted man. A wanted fidget. He fits the category of fidget. Yeah because he's not a dwarf. He's not a midget. Right. He's just a fidget. He's a fidget. We should call LA and help the cops. Maybe call random numbers and see if anyone has seen Gary Coleman. Have you seen Gary Coleman? Very good okay. Just getting warmed up here if you got something for the show 212-757-1027 the fact line is 212-957-WNEW and we got the instant feedback that goes right to us here in the studio while we're on the air. You can email us from three to seven. Yep wnew.com click on our pictures and please you know send us something good. Send us some you know some comments about what we're talking about. Don't say you guys suck or you guys rock you know use your brain while you're sitting there at the at the job you know. Company computer. Yeah pretending that you're working all right so you could do that as well. On the way we got David Bowie and Nirvana next. 1027-WNEW where Rock lives with David Bowie. It's Friday it's Opie and Anthony. I have been vindicated. Hey and it's. I have been vindicated. It's Mr. Al Sharpton. How are you sir? I got a slab on the wrist from the Pagonis Five. Yeah you only have to pay $65,000. That's right. I can make that with one march to the Apollo Theater. They'll fill up that big Volkswagen hubcap I used to wear around my neck. I'll pass that around the community and they'll fill that up one march. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Mr. Sharpton. Congratulations. Because of Tawana Brawley I gotta play power balling. My money making motto is where the hell's the lotto. Got it. God damn that was good. That was good. And there he goes he's just walking out of the studio with his big afro. See you later Al. I'm being sued for defamation of hair. Get out of here you and your hair. You never know when Al Sharpton's gonna step on the on by the show. The good Reverend Al. Yes he actually is saying that he won. Yeah of course. The low penalty that he had to pay $65,000 was proof that the mostly white jury viewed him as a serious civil rights advocate he says. It's kind of a slab on the wrist because they were trying to get 300 million or something like that from him. Pagonis said it wasn't about the money. He didn't care. So he didn't want to destroy the men. He just wanted to let him know you know that you should think before they open their gaps. There you go. Also got to remind people later this hour sooner than you think when you hear Angel from Arrowsmith. See the 10th caller at 212-757-1027 to win tickets to see Elton John at Madison Square Garden. We getting anything on the instant feedback yet or people lazy and just want to get out of work and don't want to bother with the computer right now. There's actually an interesting little question on here from uh Gian I guess in New York. I have a question. I want to know what's up with men not locking the bathroom doors while using unisex one-person bathrooms. I really don't need to know a stranger that well. Can we answer that? Well first of all have you ever been in a unisex bathroom? Sometimes in Chinese restaurants. I guess I've been in a couple where you know it's just the toilet the sink and the door and you got to lock it when you go in. Guys just don't think of that. Yeah they don't really care. Guys don't care if someone walks in. Girls do so they lock it more than the guys do and you're lucky they're not at home because most guys I mean don't close the door in the bathroom at home. No not at all. Not true. Yes it's very true. I'm pretty good like that. I've been married quite a while. Well eight nine years and well I'm just saying I still shut the door when I go to the bathroom. I don't want to see any of that. But you're not the norm. Oh I know. Most guys that's when we've talked about this before but when you start farting in front of your Mrs. The party's over. The party's over right. The romance is gone. The romance is gone. See I don't like that. I don't do that. That's when you start feeling comfortable with the person you're with though is when you finally feel like you could fart in front of them. Well you must feel comfortable in front of everybody. For god's sake I've seen OPI clear out entire studios. When you'll start chuckling and giggling it's like what what's so funny. Oh my god. You know like I'm in third grade still. Thanks Anthony. You are. You might as well be. I can't help it. I just funky stuff and it makes me very gassy. Well to answer your question guys don't care. There you go. Simple as that. One oh two seven WNW the Rock of New York the latest from Matchbox 20 that's 3 a.m. Last weekend we had chances for you to win tickets to see Matchbox 20 solo asylum and semi-sonic all weekend long and this weekend it's getting even bigger. You got chances win tickets to see Elton John at the garden. You get tickets before you can even buy them. They don't even go on sale until Monday at 9 a.m. through Ticketmaster and this hour's winner is Steve Cillery of New Jersey. He heard the Aerosmith song Angel. He was the 10th caller and he scored himself some tickets to see Elton John. Congratulations Steve. Also you got another chance to win in the four o'clock hour. We'll tell you what song to be listening for in just a little bit. It's our way of making you listen longer to the station. So stay tuned for that. It's Opie and Anthony. What's wrong. Wendy from Hackensack New Jersey. Okay. My fiance and I fart in front of each other constantly. It actually started really early in our relationship. I love it especially the really stinky ones. I take credit for those. Oh man what's going on in that particle. Boy Wendy you know we were talking about the fact that you start getting comfortable with your mate when you feel comfortable enough to fart in front of them. Yeah. You ever play turtle? No I don't do that. Oh that's right. I don't do that. You don't fart in front of Jen because why? I just think it's kind of rude. That's good. So I don't do it. All right. You're not the norm though. There's a lot of guys out there. I don't care what the norm is. I shut the door when I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be honest I respect you is what I'm saying but you're definitely not the norm. Most guys just let them fly in front of their. You have a little speaker control for God's sake. I'm trying to have some more control with that. So you should see you Opie in front of it. It doesn't matter who it is. I'm a little kid in the car. Oh don't go in there. Oh disgusting. I can't help but I never grew up. Simple as that. I'm stuck on 15. I don't know what happened with my genes but I'm stuck on 15. I guess Wendy and Hackensack and her boyfriend. Wow her fiance. And you got that through the instant feedback. Yeah I think that is a great feature on the Opie and Anthony show and if you want to make a comment about anything we're talking about anything we talked about all this week just punch up the W.A.W. website click on our faces and you could send instant feedback right to the studio. Anthony's checking in every two or three minutes. Yeah so you can be in on the show with us and we'll give you credit for the stuff you come up with. Right. All right. Also a bunch of people on the email they want to hear the howdy duty music. Oh no. From yesterday. Well it's horrible. We were the first radio station in Manhattan to break the news that Buffalo Bob died of cancer. We're on we're on the ball. We're on the ball. We get the news out there as it happens too. And it came out of nowhere yesterday. We were just minding our own business doing the radio show and Anthony came up with this little ditty. Say kids what time is it. It's time to die. That's right. Buffalo Bob Smith who delighted the baby boom generation in the early years of television died of cancer cancer another 80 years old another kids show hero dying of cancer. Where where. Oh. Oh. Tragic Buffalo Bob. I don't want to laugh at that. That was my childhood. It should just show the kids you know the smoking is bad. Oh be an Anthony. One oh two seven W.A.W. the Rock of New York with the verb bittersweet symphony. Just a reminder later this hour when you hear Rockin Me Babe by Steve Miller band be the 10th caller at two one two seven five seven one oh two seven to win tickets to see Elton John at Madison Square Garden on October 13th. We're doing that all weekend for you. It's Hopey and Anthony and you never know who's going to stop on by the N.E.W. studio as we got to say hi to Nick DiPaolo playing Caroline's this weekend. How are you guys. How are you. All right. All right. Good. Good. Well guys. It's good. No. I mean I g you are the energy is frightening in here. We have fun in here. So welcome to New York. Thanks. Thanks for having New York City the city that never sleeps. How come I see people passed out all over the place. City's exhausted as far as I'm concerned. I think Giuliani ought to replace the park benches with futons. People sleep anywhere. They do it. I got a two thousand dollar water bottle. My tossing turn all night. What's that a broken Heineken bottle. I put a brick on my head. Keep the sun in my eyes. Mental illness. I lived here for four years and it's like still out of control. I'm in front of the hotel. This lady comes up and she had more facial hair than I do. She's got one tooth. She's like why did he leave me. I don't know you a hog in the dental floss. I'm guessing your husband needed some time to himself. I've known you for two seconds. I could use a vacation. I can't get a job. Wash your breath. Sarcastic son of a bitch. She got some anger in your neck. A little bit. You know I come here I'm a pacifist in New York. I get none spitting at me. Get out of the way. I'm trying to get a cab. Any other observations about New York you'd like to share with everyone? I miss it. I don't miss the rent deal. When I was here I was paying fifteen hundred bucks for one bedroom. The place was so small you couldn't raise veal on this dump. The type of place I'm sitting on the toilet in the bathroom and doing the dishes in the kitchen at the same time. Ding dong. All the front door. You're describing my place. Cut it out. The bathroom is like two feet by two feet. You have that pipe in the middle. It heats up to 8500 degrees. So you can smell your own ass flat burning. Shaving. Somebody's cooking a roast. I live here. I get in a fight with a guy from a Chinese restaurant in my neighborhood. They stick like a thousand menus under your door every day. People are wondering where the rainforest is going. Every time Hoonan Park changes the price of mushy pork is a family of spotted owls looking for a new home. Julie, I think you should get rid of those guys and put the menus under your door. Yeah exactly. You know. He's closing down the strip joints. Yeah. Closing down Hoonan Park. The real fun. I had Chinese food yesterday when I got here. I didn't go all the way down to Chinatown. I was kind of lazy. Which you should do if you want authentic. Of course. Because this place I went to wasn't authentic. I could tell because the waiters they had the corn on their eyes pulled back with duct tape. I need a drum for you. I can't do long bits you know. I'm the touchiest man of the average comedy club going. I can't do the 30 second snippets. Very nice. Anything else on your mind Nick? Had a good flight here. Yeah. Excellent flighter actually. There was a beautiful lady on the flight. I'm not kidding you. She was breastfeeding her baby and I'm watching this paying nothing extra. I didn't coach. Every time the kid started crying she like whipped out her breasts. By the end of the flight I was trying to make the kid cry. Twisting his toes. Poking the eyes. Putting my cigarette on his hand. Come on kid. You're hungry and I'm horny. Let's work together. Very nice. You want to hang with us? Yeah. All right cool. A little warm-up from Nick the Follow playing Caroline tonight. On the way we got Everclear and REM. Stay there. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York. Everclear. I will buy you a new life. It's Opie and Anthony. Chance to win tickets to see Elton John on the way. You got to be listening for Steve Miller rocking me. 10th caller gets the tickets. It's coming soon and you never know who's going to stop on by the studio. We got Nick the Follow playing Caroline this weekend and he's all full of angst. He was looking at our turntables in the N.E.W. studios. I know. What is this? They're museum pieces. 1886. Pioneer man. The tour. The museum. The funny thing is those things haven't been used in about 15 years. The jocks here we just put our coats on there and our lunches and stuff but no one wants to throw them away. Why not? I don't know. Just in case it comes back. I got one of those with a crank on the side. Hey you see this? Monica Lewinsky. They got on the New York Post her sultry picture which I like. Isn't it a coincidence that the evidence dress is a cocktail dress? Get out of here. It is. The dark colored cocktail dress. Yeah they're going to find out that special sauce. It's not even brought it to Burger King. It's a big night out for a guy from Arkansas. Have your ultimate cheeseburger there chubby. Get back to the oval room. You can spank me. I was eating a Big Mac that day. Come on Bill. Pick up the pace. You know Kennedy your idol was sleeping with Marilyn Monroe. You're sleeping with Marilyn Manson. She had a skull on her like a Rottweiler. She's kind of cute actually. She dropped a few pounds. A little mighty judge. And then you know Mike Nichols the director who was a good friend of Clinton came down and said the reason the president sleeps around so much is he has a real passion for people. Yeah that's why. Yeah yeah. If you follow that logic and Mother Teresa should have been the biggest whore in Calcutta. Put down that bowl of mush. Let's get busy son. The horny president. Yeah he's out in the Hamptons this weekend. I know. But he had to bring the wife with him. So now he's going to be bored out of his mind isn't he? Yes he is. He'll probably pick up some shit from Applebee's or Hillary's shop and he'll go to TGIF's. Hey she's got a bucket on her. You think Spielberg is going to leave her leave him alone with a cake after? Oh no no way. Kate Kate Bill I'm knocking but I'm not using my hands. Spielberg comes in and you know Bill's down there taking care of her orally. Just looking for private Ryan. You don't mind do you? You got a problem with would you rather we do this in front of a blue screen? Put the background in later? Yes of course. So what else is on your mind Nick? Nothing I'm just as envious you guys are living here. I'm in LA now. You've been out there? Oh we've been there. We've been to the comedy store. 18 bucks for a diet coke. It's a good deal. You see like Polly Shaw do it. Eight minutes. That's what we saw. They bring on Willie Tyler and Lester. The puppet is like in his late 70s. Willie's in his late hundreds. Oh yeah some cutting. They have all the names of the great comics on the walls and who haven't performed there since like you know the hula hoop was invented. Jimmy Walker you can still smell his cologne in the green room. This place just sucks the life out of you. Hope Mitzi doesn't hear this because I need the 15 bucks a weekend. I don't want to get booted out of that club. You know this is going to get back there somehow. That's okay. It's a legendary comedy store. Yeah yeah. World they call it world famous. People in booted passports. Let's go see Richard Pryor. I heard he's getting two breastlets. I had to follow him one night. It took him 46 minutes to get off the stage. I mean he was an aisle of mine but all right. Give it up will you? Wow. So I guess you don't like living in LA. Los Angeles the city of angels. Yeah city of angels. OJ Simpson and Menendez brothers. The Crips. The Bloods. Hardly enough halos to go around. You know and kids are shooting each other up there because they're wearing the wrong colors now. Which I thought was stupid till I saw my father in purple slacks and a yellow sweater. I see the Crips point. What are those white shoes after Labor Day? I don't think so grandma. Mr. Blackwell says hello. People are so paranoid about crime out there. I saw a woman. They really I can't believe it's violent city. But I saw a girl a couple months ago. She weighed no less than 500 pounds. I kid you not. She had a keychain with a rape whistle on it. It looks like putting the club on a 73 pinto. Only ball she's going to see her in that whistle. I don't think you can say that but I did. That's okay. I like that. She had two two rape whistles. What's that going for the rapist? This must be illegal. Oh yeah. What woman did you rock? That's always a big question. None of them unfortunately. Well why don't we call Ron. Okay one thing with a knife and a penis. All right. It's funny you guys always say no matter what you're talking about if you're angry they always trace it back to a woman. It's true though. It is true. The Unabomber people think oh he had alcohol. No somebody screwed him all the good. Some fat chick in a cocktail dress. Hey I'm looking at your CD you passed over here. Yeah. Nick DePaulo is born this way. Where can you find this thing? You can get that on my web page. Everyone has a web page. Yeah I know but this one's really good. Nick DePaulo dot com that's D-I-P-A-O-L-O. You know like people are able to find that. Punching a porn star. There are some companies that just don't need websites. And now every commercial you see at the bottom like McDonald's. Yeah. It's on McDonald's website. You pretty much know what you get. It's a picture of a Big Mac. Hell let me download that baby. Damn that looks good. Where can I get one? You need a web page for McDonald's. I know. Smart and porn. That's all you need. I'm addicted to that stuff. Oh please I gotta punch up something for you. After we get up. Yeah yeah yeah. After we get up. Somebody's gotta ween me off that man. Oh it's horrible. Ween me off with I don't know like Nintendo or something like that. You remember? I'm alone I'm depressed I got a sticky mouse. Somebody help me I got a sneeze guard on my laptop. Like a salad bar. Looks like Wendy's. Get the squeegee. You got a chickpeas under there. We were talking about that when we were kids. What do we have? Pong. We had pong. And I still can't master that. Now you get kids today they're like. I'm still trying to punch up porn on my own pong. All right Nick. I guess we better get out of here. I gotta go talk to some other guy. Don't work so hard. Mother guy. Okay Nick DePaulo playing Caroline tonight. Thanks for stopping by we really appreciate it. Good to see a couple of home town guys. All right man we got Mellie Camp on the way and Steve Miller next. Stay there. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. Oh look at that the Goodwill games is on TV right now. Oh is it? Care! Is anyone following this? I don't think so. Big Ted Turner ploy anyway. Great. Okay congratulations to Greg. What? To Greg. It can't be his last name. Greg. From New York. Is it the spelling or his? Well the handwriting. Oh the handwriting. Oh okay. But B. B. Bullhurst. What does that say? I just wanted to congratulate the winner and I can't read what it says. Right here. It says Greg. Let me see. Can you read that? Greg. All I wanted to do was congratulate him and tell me one Elton John ticket but I can't pronounce his name. I can't read the name. Eschek. Eschek. Congratulations Greg. You got tickets to see Elton John at the Garden. We're giving you a chance to win every hour. Are those wig side seats? Very nice. Next hour you have to be the 10th caller when you hear Pink Floyd Hey You. Look at that. Giving you the song early. All right. When you hear that you call in. 10th caller gets some phone numbers. 212-757-1027. But it's not going to happen for a while so you don't have to dial and dial and dial and dial and dial and dial and dial. Give us a break here. Yeah. A few minutes would be nice. Okay. All right. Hi, N.E.W. It's O.P. or Anthony there. Right here. What's going on? You're doing a great job out there. Thanks. I got a buddy from California. Can you do that butt plug thing you did? Butt plug? Butt plug. Love to hear that. We can do that. Well, thanks for listening to N.E.W. No problem. We can play that today. Yeah, okay. Actually, I was talking to our record label today, Anthony. Oh no, you weren't. Come on. Me and Anthony have a CD out. It's called O.P. and Anthony's Domain World. You can find it right next to the Zanfira Master of the Pan Flute. Our record company is called Restaurant Records, which is very appropriate because I think they're too busy working on blue plate specials and selling our album. The album sells. It's being sold all over America except for New York. Well, that's how it should be. We're here. We're here. So that makes sense. Of course it does. So I don't even know if you can find this. Supposedly you can find it on cdnow.com. But don't even bother looking for it in the record stores in New York because I haven't found it. All right. But here's the butt plug skit from our lovely little CD Domain World. It's self-explanatory, right? Yeah, you just call a place and all you say is butt plug. The parlor store, blah, blah, blah. 1027 W.N.E.W. Where Rock Lives Boston Van Halen and the Brian Setzer Orchestra recorded live in the Imaginary Ballroom. Jump jive and wail. It's O.P. and Anthony. Got to tell people later this hour you got to be listening for Hey You from Pink Floyd. If you hear that and you're the 10th caller at 212-757-1027, you're going to win tickets to see Elton John at Madison Square Garden on October 13th. Why are you smiling over there? Getting some instant feedback? Or it's just a more than a feeling song. Is that for a president and Monica Lewinsky? Elliott in the Bronx. Very nice. Very nice. Just click on the picture. Our pictures on the N.E.W.E.B. website and you can shoot off an email to us while we're on the air right here in the studio. All right. Uh oh. Is it really time for Charlton Heston traffic? Whoa, here he comes down the hall. Oh, what the hell? Out of my way. Tell me what you think about being in here. Get out of my way. Out of my way. Charlton, you got to leave the horses out front. Leave the horses out front, Charlton. Oh my God. Damn you all to hell. Hold my horse. All right, we're holding your horses, Dad. Oh my God. All right, give us the traffic. Lord God, why has thou forsaken the faithful? Thine soil by day to earn their bread, only to be trapped in the endless mass of human exodus by night? Damn you. Damn. Damn. What is unicey hold that the GWB, a structure as grand as the pyramids in Egypt, yet this mighty beast cannot accept but a handful of your weary travelers? God, why? Damn you. Damn. Damn. Damn. Could not the hand of a merciful God see this madness? Damn. Mighty God, sayeth the word. I shall part the raging eastern Hudson rivers with this un-staffed you bequeathed unto me and lead my people to their homeland. Damn. Damn. My God, what horrors have been wrought in the east? Is it a leader as great as Pharaoh Ramses himself to be delivered unto the Hamptons? Why do so many of the flots follow this man, thus denying safe passage on the LIE? Lord God, he has broken so many of your ten commandments. Damn him. Damn him to hell. Adulterers! Damn him and all who follow! Damn! Damn! Damn them all! Damn! Could you tell me what you think about me and Anthony? It's stupid. Sucks. One oh two seven W-A-W where Rag lives with a talking head. Hey, Zopie and Anthony, Charlton Heston traffic really scared me today. What happened? He was just frightening with his horse. Oh, I know. He comes riding in with the chariot and everything. It gets pretty scary. He parked the chariot right outside the door. Speaking of people coming through the door. No, no, no! I have been vindicated! Hey! I have been vindicated! It's Mr. Al Sharpton. How are you, sir? I got a slab on the wrist from the Pagonas Tri. Yeah, you only have to pay $65,000. $65,000. That's right. I can make that with one march to the Apollo Theater. They'll fill up that big Volkswagen hubcap I used to wear around my neck. I'll pass that around the community and they'll fill that up. One march. Hallelujah! Hallelujah, Mr. Sharpton. Congratulations. Because of Tawana Brawley, I gotta play power balling. My money-making motto is, where the hell's the lotto? Got it! Goddamn! Woo! Good. Woo! That was good. I ought to be convicted of defamation ahead. All right, get out of here, Al. Where my Gary Caron? Get out of here, Al. You and your Afro. Leave the NAW studios, OK? On the way, we got Days of the New and coming back with some Floyd. Stay there. 1027 WNAW where Rock lives, Days of the New and the downtown. It's Opie and Anthony. Hope you're enjoying your ride home. Gotta suck. Yeah. It's never fun on a Friday afternoon going home. Especially if you're trying to get out to the hamkins. You really got to mess. What a complete nightmare. People are requesting Charlton Heston traffic again. We'll do that in the 6 o'clock hour in case you missed it earlier. Just so you know where the problem spots are on the way home. Yes. Now, you're telling me there's some bad news in the paper today? I hate this because every day there's been some more bad news coming around with celebrities and stuff. This is Jed Clampett, Buddy Epson. But don't get alarmed now. He is alive. He's alive. He's 90 years old. And he just got released from the hospital. He's recuperating. He had severe bronchitis. And they also installed a pacemaker. And they replaced Buddy's vocal cords. Oh, no. No. Why? Why? Why? That familiar voice of Jed Clampett. Real doggie. Real doggie. Right. Really me. Hey, Jethro. And now it's just he's going to have to have a voice box, obviously. There's way too much voice boxes. What is going on? But we're not even doing this on purpose. Last week it was Bob McAllister died of throat cancer from Wondorama. And then it was Buffalo Bob yesterday. And now Buddy Epson having some throat problems. I don't get it. Do you really want to replay this tape that I got cued up here? Jones reports that the old actor, Rake Thin, at the beginning has lost 10 pounds in the hospital. But he's bulking up under the care of his wife, Dorothy, who is a registered nurse. Dorothy. We talked to Dorothy and we talked to Buddy. We talked to Buddy too. We played a game. This is awful. Well, we got to, I don't know, introduce our new listeners to what we're all about. Do we have to? I don't know. We play this game sometimes. It's called Alive or Dead. And they're those celebrities that are on the fringe that you haven't heard about in years and they were old anyway and you just don't know if they're still alive or they're dead. So we get their phone numbers and me and Obed. A beer. A beer. On whether they're going to answer the phone or not. If they're alive or dead. Right. We played it with Tiny Tim when he was alive. We played it with Henny Youngman when he was alive. Yeah. And we've also played it with Buddy Epson in the past. And the trick is, whoever bet that the person's dead, that's the person that has to explain why you're calling. And it's pretty embarrassing. All right. We'll play just a little bit of this. All right. Hello? Mr. Epson? Yes, indeed. Buddy? Yeah. How you doing? With identification? Well, doggie. Yeah. Buddy Epson. It is Buddy. Hey, Buddy, you just won me a beer. I won you a what? Yeah, we had a bet going. And... Oh, no. I won't. Boy, where's my percentage? See, I bet that you were dead. And Opie said no. He had faith. And obviously you're alive and kicking and doing fine. Well, I'm kicking. Yeah, I'm doing fine. Yeah, sure. You still doing any hoofing? Hoofing? The doctor told me I could still dance, but dance a little closer to the floor. That's funny. You ever see Jethro? See him. Max? Yeah, I hear him. I just opened the windows and he's in Vegas. I can hear him. Really? He's a wonderful guy. And what about Granny? She died, all right. Granny is losing her cool. Chad, Chad, Chad, where's my rheumatism medicine? Yeah, very good. Well, thank you. Hey, Buddy, give us another ooo doggy. Well, doggy, you had to spell that right. You know, W-E-L-L-L-O. That's great. It's not we doggy. It's well doggy. Well doggy. We got Barnaby Jones on the phone. Barnaby Jones, you are fantastic. A Quinn Martin production. Hey, you know Miss Hathaway? She was Mr. Drysdale's assistant at the bank. Was she a dyke or did you ever see her with guys or anything? What was the deal with her? I have no comment. Carpet muncher. Carpet muncher. Vagetarian. Vagetarian. All right, enough of that. Enough. Enough of that. Painful for Buddy. So we played a live show with Buddy Epson. That's awful. And then we read in the paper that he's had to have his vocal chords replaced, which is very, very, very tragic. Hey, Granny, Uncle Chad's bus box fell out. Jumping catfish, Jedro. Fix me my rheumatism medicine. Jed, your voice sounds like one of Ellie May's critters. Got a hold of it. Cry down in some of this. Well, no, thanks, Granny. Dad, now that that didn't seem to work to him, maybe I'll use some of my doctoring and put in some possible vocal chords. Anthony, I just got off the phone with the boss. What's the matter? He says we've reached our quota this week on voice box bits. Oh, really? So there you go. No more voice box bits this week anyway. Thank God it's Friday, though. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW Marcy Playgrounds, Sex and Candy. What's the song for this hour? We're giving away tickets to see Elton John all weekend long for the Garden Show. Look at me not prepared. Look at me. Look at me. OK. Later this hour, when you hear Rosalita from Bruce Springsteen, be the 10th caller at 212-757-1027, and you'll win tickets to see Elton John at Madison Square Garden on October 13th. It's Opie. It's Anthony. Hey, I was looking in the paper. Oh, what, you had some? Just real quick, you know how NBC is very proud of their Doppler 4000 radar? Of course. You know, with the weather that they do. We have the Doppler 4000. I know. Why do they call Al that? It's one digit for every pound. Exactly. It's the Doppler 4000. Well, I could punch up the Doppler right here on my computer. So I want to call this. This is the Doppler 8000. We got the Doppler 8000. It's twice as good. Twice as good as the Doppler 4000. Very nice. So now I could say it looks really good for the weekend. Well, I like the news stations that have two choppers. Two traffic choppers. We have two. Eyes in the sky. So you could see the view from one and see us taping the helicopter, taping the view from the other copter. Very important. I still love that. I love it. They don't need two copters. I love those wacky news, provos. News. They never make sense. News you can depend on. What? What does that mean? I don't know what that means. Weather to get you through the day. Thank God. Thank God you have that. They hid in my room. Know what I like listening to? Wins. 1010 wins. Man, when that comes on, you got to drop everything because you might miss something. I know. I listen all the time. 1010 wins. All news. All day. All night. Don't turn away. We'll kill you. I liked them during the Persian war incident there. The war over there. Because I would tune in for the. And now we go to the Persian war desk. The Gulf War desk. Like what does it look like in there? It's just a big desk full of all kinds of. My God, I'm being shelled. They know how to do news. Yes, they do. All right. Looking at the paper. Drew Barrymore, my love. Yes, she's. I'll read it. She's in a new movie. Don't just stare at a picture. Oh, oh, we're still on the radio? Yeah. Her new movie is getting good reviews ever after three and a half stars. Oh, is this. Well, you know, in case people are trying to plan their weekend, we got to do. Well, some like movie break. Let me tell you about that whole movie thing because that spurs up a little bug. I've got up my ass up. Yo, well, that whole thing is the whole Renaissance thing. Yes. Right. You know, Jennifer, my wife, is fixated on this period in time. Fixated. Oh, you guys go to the Renaissance. Renaissance every summer. Oh, go to the Renaissance festival. Geez. Do you know what this is like? You walk around to be mocked by people in tights and bad costumes and women. Usually I think they hire a lot of bikers and the women are wearing those boosties and they just push so they got one boob right in the middle of their chest. And then they mock you. One time I went and I go, I got to go to the bathroom. Well, ask somebody. I don't want to ask somebody because they're going to goof on me. That's their job. Wait, you're an idiot. No one's going to goof on you if you have to use the bathroom. Just walk up and ask somebody where the bathroom is. All right. So I walk up this guy playing a fight for whatever the hell these guys got a horn on his head. Excuse me. Yes. Yes, Lord. Where's the bathroom? Would that be taking a bath? Oh, you son of a. Well, you hold it onto your big turkey leg. Yeah, I had the big turkey leg and I was wearing a crown at the time. Will you be taking a bath? No, I won't be. I need the restroom. Hey, will you be resting? Look, I'm going to whiz on your stocking leg right now. If you don't tell me where it is, you must be looking for the privy. You bastard. He is a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. Renaissance fairs. And then you watch people joust and they like professional wrestling in medieval times. I want them to hit each other. Damn it. You missed them again. I know they never do. Let's throw a wench into a mud pit. Yes. Wench. Beer wench. Bring me beverage. All right. So the Drew Barrymore movie is getting good reviews if you care. All right. If you care. Coming up in just a few minutes, Charlton Heston traffic. I know you're stuck in traffic. We'll take care of you. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW. That's flagpole city from Harvey Danger. It's Opie and Anthony. Now, can I go back to my movie reviews here? Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. So the new Drew Barrymore movie getting good reviews. Where were we? That music got in the way. The new movie from the creators of South Park. Love South Park. Huge fans of South Park. Pips invitation. Let's see. Pips invitation. Where did that Pips invitation? Well, the creators of South Park, they're in that new movie called BASKETBALLS. Well, Satire Goes South and gross mismatch of Hot Comic Duo and Airplane Direkta. Doesn't work. Now getting horrible reviews, but the guys are cool. Matt and Trey, the creators of South Park. They were on all the talk shows and stuff. And you know how these guys got to make the circuit and talk to everyone when a new movie's out? Like Tom Hanks did it for Saving Private Ryan. They were on all these shows apologizing for their acting in this movie. Apologizing? Apologizing. Going, hey, we never said we were actors. This guy had a script. They wrote the movie, but this guy wanted to make this movie and they insisted we play the parts. That's weird. And they're apologizing up and down. That bad? That bad, yes. So I don't think you're going to want to see that. All right, a lot of people suck in traffic. Popular feature on Fridays. That's the biggest traffic day of the week. Of course it is. So who better to give us the traffic? Regal music, isn't it? Than Charlton Heston himself.